
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
[Proof Geometric Construction Can Solve All Love Affairs -
manbo-p](https://soundcloud.com/alice-law-314125270/manbo-p-proof-geometric-
construction-can-solve-all-love-affairs)

⠀

This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference between the two
versions is the constraint on y . In this version 0 \leq y \leq n - x . You
can make hacks only if both versions are solved.

Bessie has received a birthday cake from her best friend Elsie, and it came in
the form of a regular polygon with n sides. The vertices of the cake are
numbered from 1 to n clockwise. You and Bessie are going to choose some of
those vertices to cut non-intersecting diagonals into the cake. In other
words, the endpoints of the diagonals must be part of the chosen vertices.

Bessie would only like to give out pieces of cake which result in a triangle
to keep consistency. The size of the pieces doesn't matter, and the whole cake
does not have to be separated into all triangles (other shapes are allowed in
the cake, but those will not be counted).

Bessie has already chosen x of those vertices that can be used to form
diagonals. She wants you to choose no more than y other vertices such that the
number of triangular pieces of cake she can give out is maximized.

What is the maximum number of triangular pieces of cake Bessie can give out?

Input

The first line contains a single integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^4 ) — the number
of test cases.

The first line of each test case consists of three integers, n , x , and y (4
\leq n \leq 10^9 , 2 \leq x \leq \min(n, 2 \cdot 10^5) , 0 \leq y \leq n - x )
— the number of sides of the polygon, number of vertices Bessie has chosen,
and the maximum number of other vertices you can choose.

The second line consists of x distinct integers from 1 to n , representing the
vertices Bessie has chosen.

It is guaranteed the sum of x over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot 10^5
.

Output

For each test case, output a single integer: the maximum number of non-
intersecting triangular pieces of cake she can give out.

Example

Input

    3
    
    8 4 2
    
    1 6 2 5
    
    7 3 1
    
    6 4 3
    
    4 2 2
    
    1 3

Output

    6
    5
    2
    
Note

In test cases 1 , 2 and 3 , you can get 6 , 5 and 2 non-intersecting
triangular pieces of cake, respectively. A possible construction is shown in
the following pictures:

The green dots represent vertices that Bessie chose, the yellow dots represent
vertices that you chose, the blue lines represent diagonals that are drawn,
and the red numbers represent triangles that are counted.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/13b28beb7f5f0d100798f357f58c804c5314c869.png)

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains an integer t (1 <= t <= 10^4) followed by t test cases. Each test case consists of two lines. The first line contains three integers n, x, and y (4 <= n <= 10^9, 2 <= x <= min(n, 2 * 10^5), 0 <= y <= n - x). The second line contains x distinct integers from 1 to n.
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        n, x, y = list(map(int, input().split()))
        
        a = list(map(int, input().split()))
        
        a = [(num - 1) for num in a]
        
        ans = x - 2
        
        st = set(a)
        
        a.sort()
        
        for i in range(x):
            t1 = (a[i] + 1) % n
            t2 = (a[i] + 2) % n
            if t1 not in st and t2 in st:
                ans += 1
        
        odd = []
        
        even = []
        
        for i in range(x):
            next_elem = a[0] + n if i == x - 1 else a[i + 1]
            gap = next_elem - a[i] - 1
            if gap > 1 and gap % 2 == 1:
                odd.append(gap)
            elif gap > 0 and gap % 2 == 0:
                even.append(gap)
        
        odd.sort()
        
        even.sort()
        
        for gap in odd:
            if y < gap // 2:
                ans += 2 * y
                y = 0
                break
            ans += gap
            y -= gap // 2
        
        for gap in even:
            if y < gap // 2:
                ans += 2 * y
                y = 0
                break
            ans += gap
            y -= gap // 2
        
        print(ans)
        
    #State: t is an integer between 1 and 10^4, n is an integer, x is an integer, a is a sorted list of integers where each integer is one less than its original value, i is x, t1 is an integer equal to (a[x - 1] + 1) % n, t2 is an integer equal to (a[x - 1] + 2) % n, ans is an integer equal to x - 2 plus the number of times t1 is not in st and t2 is in st for all i from 0 to x - 1 plus the sum of all odd gaps between consecutive elements in a plus the sum of all even gaps between consecutive elements in a, odd is an empty list, even is an empty list, y is 0, gap is 0, _ is t - 1, t is 0, st is a set containing all elements of a, next_elem is an integer equal to a[0] + n, and ans is printed



# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

