
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Bob has a rectangle of size a \times b . He tries to cut this rectangle into
two rectangles with integer sides by making a cut parallel to one of the sides
of the original rectangle. Then Bob tries to form some other rectangle from
the two resulting rectangles, and he can rotate and move these two rectangles
as he wishes.

Note that if two rectangles differ only by a 90^{\circ} rotation, they are
considered the same. For example, the rectangles 6 \times 4 and 4 \times 6 are
considered the same.

Thus, from the 2 \times 6 rectangle, another rectangle can be formed, because
it can be cut into two 2 \times 3 rectangles, and then these two rectangles
can be used to form the 4 \times 3 rectangle, which is different from the 2
\times 6 rectangle.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/670958570876245598e151e6877e3b0231a7c60e.png)

However, from the 2 \times 1 rectangle, another rectangle cannot be formed,
because it can only be cut into two rectangles of 1 \times 1 , and from these,
only the 1 \times 2 and 2 \times 1 rectangles can be formed, which are
considered the same.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/1463aaa4fa7eb1e7432c1d8b5813e7ae91147066.png)

Help Bob determine if he can obtain some other rectangle, or if he is just
wasting his time.

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. This is followed
by the description of the test cases.

The single line of each test case contains two integers a and b (1 \le a, b
\le 10^9 ) — the size of Bob's rectangle.

Output

For each test case, output "Yes" if Bob can obtain another rectangle from the
a \times b rectangle. Otherwise, output "No".

You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the
strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as positive answers.

Example

Input

    7
    
    1 1
    
    2 1
    
    2 6
    
    3 2
    
    2 2
    
    2 4
    
    6 3

Output

    No
    No
    Yes
    Yes
    Yes
    Yes
    No
    
Note

In the first test case, the 1 \times 1 rectangle cannot be cut into two
rectangles, so another rectangle cannot be obtained from it.

In the fourth test case, the 3 \times 2 rectangle can be cut into two 3 \times
1 rectangles, and from these, the 1 \times 6 rectangle can be formed.

In the fifth test case, the 2 \times 2 rectangle can be cut into two 1 \times
2 rectangles, and from these, the 1 \times 4 rectangle can be formed.

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains multiple lines of input. The first line contains a single integer t (1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4). Each of the following t lines contains two integers a and b (1 ≤ a, b ≤ 10^9).
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        a, b = map(int, input().split())
        
        if a % 2 == 0 or b % 2 == 0:
            if a % 2 == 0:
                a1, a2 = a // 2, a // 2
                if a1 != b:
                    print('Yes')
                    continue
            if b % 2 == 0:
                b1, b2 = b // 2, b // 2
                if b1 != a:
                    print('Yes')
                    continue
            print('No')
        else:
            print('No')
        
    #State: The output state will contain t lines, each with either 'Yes' or 'No'. For each line, if the corresponding input values a and b are both odd, the output will be 'No'. If either a or b is even, the output will be 'Yes' if the other number is equal to half of the even number, and 'No' otherwise.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function reads input from stdin, processes multiple pairs of integers, and outputs 'Yes' or 'No' for each pair based on specific conditions. It checks if either number in a pair is even and if the other number is equal to half of the even number, printing 'Yes' if the condition is met and 'No' otherwise. If both numbers in a pair are odd, it prints 'No'. The function processes a specified number of pairs (t) and outputs the results accordingly.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

