
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You have been offered to play a game. In this game, there are n possible
outcomes, and for each of them, you must bet a certain integer amount of
coins. In the event that the i -th outcome turns out to be winning, you will
receive back the amount of coins equal to your bet on that outcome, multiplied
by k_i . Note that exactly one of the n outcomes will be winning.

Your task is to determine how to distribute the coins in such a way that you
will come out ahead in the event of any winning outcome. More formally, the
total amount of coins you bet on all outcomes must be strictly less than the
number of coins received back for each possible winning outcome.

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. The description of
the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 50 )
— the number of outcomes.

The second line of each test case contains n integers k_1,k_2,\ldots,k_n (2
\le k_i \le 20 ) — the multiplier for the amount of coins if the i -th outcome
turns out to be winning.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output -1 if there is no way to distribute the coins as
required. Otherwise, output n integers x_1, x_2,\ldots, x_n (1 \le x_i \le
10^{9} ) — your bets on the outcomes.

It can be shown that if a solution exists, there is always a solution that
satisfies these constraints.

If there are multiple suitable solutions, output any of them.

Example

Input

    6
    
    3
    
    3 2 7
    
    2
    
    3 3
    
    5
    
    5 5 5 5 5
    
    6
    
    7 9 3 17 9 13
    
    3
    
    6 3 2
    
    5
    
    9 4 6 8 3

Output

    27 41 12 
    1 1 
    -1
    1989 1547 4641 819 1547 1071 
    -1
    8 18 12 9 24
    
Note

In the first test case, the coins can be distributed as follows: 27 coins on
the first outcome, 41 coins on the second outcome, 12 coins on the third
outcome. Then the total amount of coins bet on all outcomes is 27 + 41 + 12 =
80 coins. If the first outcome turns out to be winning, you will receive back
3 \cdot 27 = 81 coins, if the second outcome turns out to be winning, you will
receive back 2 \cdot 41 = 82 coins, if the third outcome turns out to be
winning, you will receive back 7 \cdot 12 = 84 coins. All these values are
strictly greater than 80 .

In the second test case, one way is to bet one coin on each of the outcomes.

# Annotated Functions:
from math import gcd

cases = int(input())
for n in range(cases):
    func_2()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: a and b are positive integers.
    return a * b // gcd(a, b)
    #The program returns the least common multiple (LCM) of two positive integers a and b.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function calculates and returns the least common multiple (LCM) of two positive integers, a and b, without modifying the input values.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: vals is a list of integers, each integer is greater or equal than 2, N is a positive integer and equal to the length of vals.
    N = int(input().strip())
    vals = [int(r) for r in input().strip().split()]
    den = vals[0]
    for x in vals:
        den = func_1(den, x)
        
    #State: vals is a list of integers, each integer is greater or equal than 2, N is a positive integer and equal to the length of vals, den is an integer and equal to the result of func_1 applied to the first element of vals and the last element of vals.
    vprod = [(den // r) for r in vals]
    den = den - sum(vprod)
    if (den <= 0) :
        print(-1)
        #This is printed: -1
        return
        #The program returns nothing because the return statement is empty. The current state of the variables remains the same: vals is a list of integers with each integer greater or equal to 2, N is a positive integer equal to the length of vals, vprod is a list of integers, and den is an integer less than or equal to 0. Additionally, -1 has been printed.
    #State: *vals is a list of integers, each integer is greater or equal than 2, N is a positive integer and equal to the length of vals, vprod is a list of integers, den is an integer and equal to the result of func_1 applied to the first element of vals and the last element of vals minus the sum of vprod, and den is larger than 0
    print(' '.join([str(x) for x in vprod]))
    #This is printed: [vprod elements] (where vprod elements are the elements of the vprod list)

#Overall this is what the function does:This function calculates and prints the result of a mathematical operation involving a list of integers. It first computes the least common multiple (LCM) of the input integers, then calculates the difference between the LCM and the sum of the quotients of the LCM divided by each input integer. If the result is less than or equal to 0, it prints -1 and returns without modifying the input list. Otherwise, it prints the list of quotients. The function does not return any value and modifies the input list only if the result is greater than 0.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

