
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Let's call the Manhattan value of a permutation^{\dagger} p the value of the
expression |p_1 - 1| + |p_2 - 2| + \ldots + |p_n - n| .

For example, for the permutation [1, 2, 3] , the Manhattan value is |1 - 1| +
|2 - 2| + |3 - 3| = 0 , and for the permutation [3, 1, 2] , the Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

You are given integers n and k . Find a permutation p of length n such that
its Manhattan value is equal to k , or determine that no such permutation
exists.

^{\dagger} A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct
integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a
permutation, but [1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array),
and [1,3,4] is also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^{4} ) — the number of test cases. The description
of the test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \le n \le 2
\cdot 10^{5}, 0 \le k \le 10^{12} ) — the length of the permutation and the
required Manhattan value.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^{5} .

Output

For each test case, if there is no suitable permutation, output "No".
Otherwise, in the first line, output "Yes", and in the second line, output n
distinct integers p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n (1 \le p_i \le n ) — a suitable
permutation.

If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

You can output the answer in any case (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes",
"Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as a positive answer).

Example

Input

    8
    
    3 4
    
    4 5
    
    7 0
    
    1 1000000000000
    
    8 14
    
    112 777
    
    5 12
    
    5 2

Output

    Yes
    3 1 2
    No
    Yes
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7
    No
    Yes
    8 2 3 4 5 6 1 7
    No
    Yes
    5 4 3 1 2
    Yes
    2 1 3 4 5
    
Note

In the first test case, the permutation [3, 1, 2] is suitable, its Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

In the second test case, it can be proven that there is no permutation of
length 4 with a Manhattan value of 5 .

In the third test case, the permutation [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] is suitable, its
Manhattan value is |1-1|+|2-2|+|3-3|+|4-4|+|5-5|+|6-6|+|7-7|=0 .

# Annotated Program:
T = int(input())
for i in range(T):
    func_6()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer
    k = k // 2
    l = list(range(1, n + 1))
    c = 0
    for i in range(n, -1, -2):
        c += 1
        
        if k == 0:
            return l
        
        if k < i - 1:
            return func_2(c, k, l)
        
        k = k - i + 1
        
        l = func_3(c, l)
        
    #State: The program returns a list of integers from 1 to n, where n is a positive integer, and c is equal to the number of iterations of the loop.


#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c and k are non-negative integers, l is a list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, and c + k < len(l).
    x, y = l[-c], l[-c - k]
    l[-c], l[-c - k] = y, x
    return l
    #The program returns a list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, where the elements at indices -c and -c - k are swapped, c is a non-negative integer, k is a non-negative integer, and c + k < len(l).


#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c is a positive integer, l is a list of integers, and c <= len(l).
    x, y = l[-c], l[c - 1]
    l[c - 1], l[-c] = x, y
    return l
    #The program returns list 'l' where the cth element from the start and the cth element from the end have been swapped, and c is a positive integer less than or equal to the length of list 'l'.


#Function 4:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer.
    n, k = map(int, input().split())
    if (k % 2) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: 0 and 0. The first 0 is an integer and the second 0 is also an integer.
    #State: *`n` is a positive integer, `k` is a non-negative integer, stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers, and `k` is even
    if (n % 2) :
        max_k = (n ** 2 - 1) // 2
    else :
        max_k = n ** 2 // 2
    #State: *`n` is a positive integer, `k` is a non-negative integer, stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers, and `k` is even. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is a positive integer equal to `(n + k) / 2`. If `n` is even, `max_k` is `n` squared divided by 2.
    if (max_k < k) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: 0 and 0. Both values are integers and are equal to zero. No variables or values from the initial state are returned.
    #State: *`n` is a positive integer, `k` is a non-negative integer, stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers, and `k` is even. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is a positive integer equal to `(n + k) / 2`. If `n` is even, `max_k` is `n` squared divided by 2. `max_k` is larger than or equal to `k`
    return n, k
    #The program returns two values: a positive integer `n` and a non-negative integer `k` that is even.


#Function 5:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: l is a list of integers
    print('YES')
    #This is printed: YES
    for i in l:
        print(i, end=' ')
        
    #State: l is an empty list, 'YES' is being printed, and all the integers in the list are being printed.
    print()
    #This is printed: YES, an empty list
    return
    #The program returns nothing.


#Function 6:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are integers such that n is non-negative and k is non-negative and the result of func_4() is a tuple of two integers (n, k).
    n, k = func_4()
    if (n == 0) :
        print('NO')
        #This is printed: NO
        return
        #The program returns nothing, and the current value of 'n' is 0, and 'NO' is being printed
    #State: `n` and `k` are integers such that `n` is non-negative and `k` is non-negative, and the values of `n` and `k` are returned by the function `func_4()`, and `n` is not equal to 0
    l = func_1(n, k)
    func_5(l)
    return
    #The program returns the return value of func_1(n, k), where n is a non-negative integer not equal to 0, and k is a non-negative integer.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

