
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
The guys lined up in a queue of n people, starting with person number i = 1 ,
to ask Serafim the Owl about the meaning of life. Unfortunately, Kirill was
very busy writing the legend for this problem, so he arrived a little later
and stood at the end of the line after the n -th person. Kirill is completely
dissatisfied with this situation, so he decided to bribe some people ahead of
him.

For the i -th person in the queue, Kirill knows two values: a_i and b_i . If
at the moment Kirill is standing at position i , then he can choose any
position j such that j < i and exchange places with the person at position j .
In this case, Kirill will have to pay him a_j coins. And for each k such that
j < k < i , Kirill will have to pay b_k coins to the person at position k .
Kirill can perform this action any number of times.

Kirill is thrifty, so he wants to spend as few coins as possible, but he
doesn't want to wait too long, so Kirill believes he should be among the first
m people in line.

Help Kirill determine the minimum number of coins he will have to spend in
order to not wait too long.

Input

Each test consists of several sets of input data. The first line contains a
single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. Then follows
the description of the test case.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n and m (1 \le m \le n
\le 200\,000 ) — the number of people in the queue besides Kirill and the
maximum allowable final position of Kirill, respectively.

The second line contains n integers a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n separated by spaces
(1 \le a_i \le 10^9 ).

The third line contains n integers b_1, b_2, \dots, b_n separated by spaces (1
\le b_i \le 10^9 ).

It is guaranteed that the sum of the values of n over all test cases does not
exceed 2 \cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single integer — the minimum number of coins
Kirill needs to spend.

Example

Input

    4
    
    4 2
    
    7 3 6 9
    
    4 3 8 5
    
    6 2
    
    6 9 7 1 8 3
    
    5 8 8 1 4 1
    
    7 7
    
    7 2 9 2 6 5 9
    
    9 1 10 7 1 4 9
    
    2 1
    
    2 3
    
    1 1

Output

    14
    22
    9
    3

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains multiple test cases. Each test case consists of three lines. The first line contains two integers n and m (1 <= m <= n <= 200000). The second and third lines each contain n integers (1 <= a_i, b_i <= 10^9).
    x = int(input())
    custos = []
    for i in range(x):
        custo = 0
        
        num_fila = 0
        
        max_p = 0
        
        a_values = []
        
        b_values = []
        
        nf = input().split()
        
        num_fila = int(nf[0])
        
        max_p = int(nf[1])
        
        a = input().split()
        
        b = input().split()
        
        for y in a:
            a_values.append(int(y))
        
        for y in b:
            b_values.append(int(y))
        
        for y in range(num_fila - 1, max_p - 1, -1):
            if a_values[y] < b_values[y]:
                custo += a_values[y]
            else:
                custo += b_values[y]
        
        for y in range(max_p - 1, 0, -1):
            if a_values[y - 1] + b_values[y] <= a_values[y]:
                custo += b_values[y]
                if y == 1:
                    custo += a_values[0]
                    break
            else:
                custo += a_values[y]
                break
        
        custos.append(custo)
        
    #State: x is an integer equal to the initial value of x, num_fila is an integer greater than or equal to max_p, max_p is an integer greater than or equal to 1, a_values is a list containing the integer values of all elements of a, b_values is a list containing the integer values of all elements of b, stdin contains multiple test cases minus 3x lines, a is a list of strings from the second line of stdin, b is an empty list, y is 0, custo is the sum of the minimum values between corresponding elements in a_values and b_values from index num_fila - 1 to 0, plus a_values[0], and custos is a list containing the updated value of custo and the previous values of custo.
    for c in custos:
        print(c)
        
    #State: The loop has executed all iterations, printing all elements in the `custos` list. The loop variable `c` is the last element in `custos`, and this last element has been printed. All other variables remain unchanged.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function reads multiple test cases from standard input, where each test case consists of three lines. It calculates the minimum cost for each test case by comparing corresponding elements in two lists of integers and summing the minimum values, then prints the calculated costs. The function iterates over all test cases, printing the minimum cost for each one.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

