
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You are designing a new video game. It has n scenarios, which the player may
play in any order, but each scenario must be played exactly once. When a
player switches from a scenario to another scenario, the game shows a
specially crafted transition video to make it all feel part of one big story.
This video is specific to a pair of scenarios, but not to their order, in
other words, the video playing when switching from scenario a to scenario b is
the same as the video playing when switching from scenario b to scenario a .
Therefore, you need to create \frac{n(n-1)}{2} different transition videos,
one for each possible pair of different scenarios.

Each transition video can be either funny or scary. It is boring to see too
many funny videos or too many scary videos in a row. Therefore, your goal is
to create the videos in such a way that no matter in which order does the
player approach the scenarios, they will never see more than \lceil
\frac{3n}{4} \rceil transition videos of the same type in a row.

You have already come up with ideas for at most \lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor of
the transition videos, and therefore already know if those will be funny or
scary. Now you need to choose funny or scary for all other transition videos
in such a way that the above requirement is satisfied.

Input

The first line contains a single integer n (2 \le n \le 24 ) â€” the number of
scenarios in the game.

The next n lines describe the partial transition video plan. Each of those
lines contains n characters. The j -th character of the i -th line corresponds
to the transition video between the i -th and the j -th scenarios. It will be
F if the corresponding transition video will be funny, S if the corresponding
transition video will be scary, ? if the corresponding transition video is
still undecided, or . if i=j .

It is guaranteed that the i -th character of the j -th line and the j -th
character of the i -th line will be the same for all i and j . It is
guaranteed that at most \lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor (n divided by 2, rounded
down) transition videos will already be decided, in other words, that at most
2\lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor characters in the input will be F or S.

Output

Print n lines describing the full transition video plan in the same format as
the input. Each of those lines must contain n characters. The j -th character
of the i -th line must be F if the corresponding transition video is funny, S
if the corresponding transition video is scary, or . if i=j .

Each ? character from the input must be replaced with either F or S, and all
other characters from the input must remain unchanged. It must still hold that
the i -th character of the j -th line and the j -th character of the i -th
line are the same for all i and j .

For each permutation of the n scenarios, it must hold that the transition
videos corresponding to playing the scenarios in this order do not have more
than \lceil \frac{3n}{4} \rceil (3n divided by 4, rounded up) videos of the
same type consecutively.

If there are multiple solutions, print any of them. It can be proven that for
all inputs satisfying the constraints of this problem a solution always
exists.

Examples

Input

    5
    
    .?F??
    
    ?.???
    
    F?.S?
    
    ??S.?
    
    ????.

Output

    .FFFF
    F.FFF
    FF.SF
    FFS.F
    FFFF.

Input

    12
    
    .???????????
    
    ?.??????????
    
    ??.?????????
    
    ???.????????
    
    ????.???????
    
    ?????.??????
    
    ??????.?????
    
    ???????.????
    
    ????????.???
    
    ?????????.??
    
    ??????????.?
    
    ???????????.

Output

    .SSSFFSSSSFS
    S.SFFSFSFFFS
    SS.SFFFSSSFS
    SFS.FFSSSSFS
    FFFF.FFFFFSF
    FSFFF.SFFSFF
    SFFSFS.SSSFS
    SSSSFFS.SSFS
    SFSSFFSS.SFS
    SFSSFSSSS.FS
    FFFFSFFFFF.F
    SSSSFFSSSSF.
    
Note

In the first sample: We are allowed \lceil \frac{3\cdot 5}{4} \rceil=4
transition videos of the same type in a row, but for any permutation of the 5
scenarios the player will see only 4 transition videos in total, therefore we
can choose funny or scary freely. We must still respect the already chosen
types.

In the second sample: One of the 479001600 possible permutations of scenarios
is 1, 7, 4, 12, 9, 8, 2, 6, 10, 3, 11, 5. The player will get the following
sequence of transition videos for this permutation: SSSSSSSSSFS. Even though
this sequence has 10 scary transition videos in total, it has only 9 scary
transition videos in a row, which is the maximum allowed amount (\lceil
\frac{3\cdot 12}{4} \rceil=9 ).

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains n+1 inputs: the first input is an integer n (2 <= n <= 24), and the next n inputs are strings of length n, where each character is either 'F', 'S', or '?'.
    n = int(input())
    a = [0] * (n + 1)
    b = [0] * (n + 1)
    xx = ['']
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        x = input()
        
        for j in range(1, n + 1):
            if x[j - 1] == 'F':
                a[i] += 1
                a[j] += 1
            elif x[j - 1] == 'S':
                b[i] += 1
                b[j] += 1
        
        xx.append(x)
        
    #State: Output State: n is an integer between 2 and 24, a is a list of n+1 integers, where each integer represents the total number of 'F' characters in the input strings that correspond to the index of the integer, b is a list of n+1 integers, where each integer represents the total number of 'S' characters in the input strings that correspond to the index of the integer, xx is a list containing n strings, where each string is an input string of length n, stdin is empty.
    sa = []
    sb = []
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        if a[i] > 0 and b[i] == 0:
            sa.append(i)
        
        if b[i] > 0 and a[i] == 0:
            sb.append(i)
        
    #State: Output State: The loop has iterated over the range from 1 to n (inclusive), and for each iteration, it has checked the conditions for the current index i. If the condition a[i] > 0 and b[i] == 0 is true, it has appended the value of i to the list sa. If the condition b[i] > 0 and a[i] == 0 is true, it has appended the value of i to the list sb. The loop has not modified the values of n, a, b, xx, or stdin.
    if (len(sa) >= len(sb)) :
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            if a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0:
                sa.append(i)
            
        #State: Output State: The loop has iterated over the range from 1 to n (inclusive), and for each iteration, it has checked the conditions for the current index i. If the condition a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0 is true, it has appended the value of i to the list sa. The loop has not modified the values of n, a, b, xx, or stdin. The current value of the length of sa is greater than or equal to the length of sb plus the number of iterations where a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0.
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            nx = ''
            
            for j in range(1, n + 1):
                if xx[i][j - 1] != '?':
                    nx += xx[i][j - 1]
                elif i in sa[:n // 4] or j in sa[:n // 4]:
                    nx += 'F'
                else:
                    nx += 'S'
            
            print(nx)
            
        #State: Output State: The loop has iterated over the range from 1 to n (inclusive), and for each iteration, it has checked the conditions for the current index i. If the condition a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0 is true, it has appended the value of i to the list sa. The loop has not modified the values of n, a, b, xx, or stdin. The current value of the length of sa is greater than or equal to the length of sb plus the number of iterations where a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0.
    else :
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            if a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0:
                sb.append(i)
            
        #State: Output State: The loop has iterated over the range from 1 to n (inclusive), and for each iteration, it has checked the conditions for the current index i. If the condition a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0 is true, it has appended the value of i to the list sb. The loop has not modified the values of n, a, b, xx, or stdin. Additionally, the length of list sb is greater than the length of list sa.
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            nx = ''
            
            for j in range(1, n + 1):
                if xx[i][j - 1] != '?':
                    nx += xx[i][j - 1]
                elif i in sb[:n // 4] or j in sb[:n // 4]:
                    nx += 'S'
                else:
                    nx += 'F'
            
            print(nx)
            
        #State: Output State: The loop has iterated over the range from 1 to n (inclusive), and for each iteration, it has constructed a string nx by iterating over the range from 1 to n (inclusive). For each character in the string xx[i][j - 1], if the character is not '?', it has been appended to nx. If the character is '?' and either i or j is in the first n // 4 elements of list sb, 'S' has been appended to nx; otherwise, 'F' has been appended to nx. After constructing nx, it has been printed. The values of n, a, b, xx, stdin, sb, and sa remain unchanged.
    #State: The program has iterated over the range from 1 to n (inclusive) and checked conditions for each index i. If the length of list sa is greater than or equal to the length of list sb, the program has appended indices i to sa where a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0, without modifying n, a, b, xx, or stdin. If the length of sa is less than the length of sb, the program has constructed a string nx by iterating over xx and replacing '?' with 'S' or 'F' based on the presence of i or j in the first n // 4 elements of list sb, and then printed nx, leaving n, a, b, xx, stdin, sb, and sa unchanged.



# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

