
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Alice and Bob are playing a game on a checkered board. The board has h rows,
numbered from top to bottom, and w columns, numbered from left to right. Both
players have a chip each. Initially, Alice's chip is located at the cell with
coordinates (x_a, y_a) (row x_a , column y_a ), and Bob's chip is located at
(x_b, y_b) . It is guaranteed that the initial positions of the chips do not
coincide. Players take turns making moves, with Alice starting.

On her turn, Alice can move her chip one cell down or one cell down-right or
down-left (diagonally). Bob, on the other hand, moves his chip one cell up,
up-right, or up-left. It is not allowed to make moves that go beyond the board
boundaries.

More formally, if at the beginning of Alice's turn she is in the cell with
coordinates (x_a, y_a) , then she can move her chip to one of the cells (x_a +
1, y_a) , (x_a + 1, y_a - 1) , or (x_a + 1, y_a + 1) . Bob, on his turn, from
the cell (x_b, y_b) can move to (x_b - 1, y_b) , (x_b - 1, y_b - 1) , or (x_b
- 1, y_b + 1) . The new chip coordinates (x', y') must satisfy the conditions
1 \le x' \le h and 1 \le y' \le w .

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/d2faa6ca73d70e765c2cc6ef0834e24c2e4a5528.png)
Example game state. Alice plays with the white chip, Bob with the black one.
Arrows indicate possible moves.

A player immediately wins if they place their chip in a cell occupied by the
other player's chip. If either player cannot make a move (Alice—if she is in
the last row, i.e. x_a = h , Bob—if he is in the first row, i.e. x_b = 1 ),
the game immediately ends in a draw.

What will be the outcome of the game if both opponents play optimally?

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. This is followed by
the description of the test cases.

Each test case consists of a single line containing six integers h , w , x_a ,
y_a , x_b , y_b (1 \le x_a, x_b \le h \le 10^6 , 1 \le y_a, y_b \le w \le 10^9
) — the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's
chips. It is guaranteed that either x_a \ne x_b or y_a \ne y_b .

It is guaranteed that the sum of h over all test cases does not exceed 10^6 .

Output

For each test case, output "Alice" if Alice wins, "Bob" if Bob wins, and
"Draw" if neither player can secure a victory. You can output each letter in
any case (lowercase or uppercase). For example, the strings "bOb", "bob",
"Bob", and "BOB" will be accepted as Bob's victory.

Example

Input

    12
    
    6 5 2 2 5 3
    
    4 1 2 1 4 1
    
    1 4 1 3 1 1
    
    5 5 1 4 5 2
    
    4 4 1 1 4 4
    
    10 10 1 6 10 8
    
    10 10 2 6 10 7
    
    10 10 9 1 8 1
    
    10 10 8 1 10 2
    
    10 10 1 1 2 1
    
    10 10 1 3 4 1
    
    10 10 3 1 1 1

Output

    Alice
    Bob
    Draw
    Draw
    Draw
    Alice
    Draw
    Draw
    Bob
    Alice
    Alice
    Draw

# Annotated Program:
tt = int(input())
for _ in range(tt):
    func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains multiple test cases. Each test case contains six integers h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b. h and w are positive integers, 1 <= x_a, x_b <= h, 1 <= y_a, y_b <= w.
    r = list(map(int, input().split()))
    n, m, x1, y1, x2, y2 = r[0], r[1], r[2], r[3], r[4], r[5]
    if (x2 <= x1) :
        print('draw')
        #This is printed: draw
        return
        #The program returns nothing, as there is no explicit return statement. The program simply ends without producing any output or returning any value.
    #State: *n is a positive integer, m is a positive integer, x1 is a positive integer between 1 and n, y1 is a positive integer between 1 and m, x2 is a positive integer between 1 and n, y2 is a positive integer between 1 and m, r is a list of six integers, stdin contains multiple test cases minus one. x2 is larger than x1
    if ((x2 - x1) % 2 != 0) :
        if (y1 == y2) :
            print('Alice')
            #This is printed: Alice
            return
            #The program returns nothing, as there is no explicit return statement. The state of the variables remains the same: n and m are positive integers, x1 and x2 are positive integers between 1 and n, y1 and y2 are positive integers between 1 and m, x2 is larger than x1, (x2 - x1) is an odd number, y1 is equal to y2, and 'Alice' has been printed. The list r still contains six integers, and stdin still contains multiple test cases minus one.
        #State: *n is a positive integer, m is a positive integer, x1 is a positive integer between 1 and n, y1 is a positive integer between 1 and m, x2 is a positive integer between 1 and n, y2 is a positive integer between 1 and m, r is a list of six integers, stdin contains multiple test cases minus one. x2 is larger than x1. The current value of (x2 - x1) is an odd number. y1 is not equal to y2
    else :
        if (y1 == y2) :
            print('bob')
            #This is printed: bob
            return
            #The program returns nothing because there is no value or variable specified in the return statement. The program ends without providing any output.
        #State: *n is a positive integer, m is a positive integer, x1 is a positive integer between 1 and n, y1 is a positive integer between 1 and m, x2 is a positive integer between 1 and n, y2 is a positive integer between 1 and m, r is a list of six integers, stdin contains multiple test cases minus one. x2 is larger than x1. The difference between x2 and x1 is even. y1 and y2 are not equal

#Overall this is what the function does:Determines the winner of a game based on the input coordinates and prints the result. The function takes no parameters and returns no value. It reads six integers from standard input, representing the dimensions of a game board and the coordinates of two players. If the x-coordinates of the two players are equal, the function prints 'draw'. Otherwise, it checks if the difference between the x-coordinates is odd or even and if the y-coordinates are equal. Based on these conditions, it prints either 'Alice' or 'Bob' to indicate the winner. The function does not modify the input values or return any result, only printing the outcome of the game to the console.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

