
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
[Christopher Tin ft. Soweto Gospel Choir - Baba
Yetu](https://youtu.be/d4iOF4yoNQw)

ඞ

You are given a string s consisting of lowercase Latin characters. You need to
partition^\dagger this string into some substrings, such that each substring
is not a palindrome^\ddagger .

^\dagger A partition of a string s is an ordered sequence of some k strings
t_1, t_2, \ldots, t_k , such that t_1 + t_2 + \ldots + t_k = s , where + here
represents the concatenation operation.

^\ddagger A string s is considered a palindrome if it reads the same backwards
as forwards. For example, \mathtt{racecar} , \mathtt{abccba} , and \mathtt{a}
are palindromes, but \mathtt{ab} , \mathtt{dokibird} , and \mathtt{kurosanji}
are not.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer t
(1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases.

Each test case contains a string s consisting of lowercase Latin characters (1
\le |s| \le 10^6 ).

It is guaranteed that the sum of |s| over all test cases does not exceed 10^6
.

Output

For each test case, print on one line "YES" if there exists a partition of s
whose parts are not palindromes, or "NO" if there is no such partition.

If the answer is "YES", on the second line, print an integer k — the number of
parts that s needs to be partitioned to such that each part is not a
palindrome. On the third line, print k strings t_1, t_2, \ldots, t_k
representing such a partition. If there are multiple such partitions, print
any of them.

Example

Input

    3
    
    sinktheyacht
    
    lllllllll
    
    uwuowouwu

Output

    YES
    1
    sinktheyacht
    NO
    YES
    3
    uw uow ouwu
    
Note

In the first test case, since \mathtt{sinktheyacht} is already non-palindrome,
the partition [\mathtt{sinktheyacht}] is valid.

In the second test case, as any substring of the string s is palindrome, there
are no valid partitions.

In the third test case, another valid partition is [\mathtt{uw},\mathtt{uo},
\mathtt{wou}, \mathtt{wu}] .

# Annotated Functions:
for _ in range(int(input())):
    func_2()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: s is a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters.
    return s == s[::-1]
    #The program returns True if the string s is the same when its characters are reversed, False otherwise.

#Overall this is what the function does:Determines whether a given string of lowercase Latin characters is a palindrome, returning True if the string is the same when reversed and False otherwise.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: s is a string of lowercase Latin characters.
    s = input()
    n, x = len(s), -1
    if (func_1(s[0:]) == False) :
        print('YES')
        #This is printed: YES
        print(1)
        #This is printed: 1
        print(s)
        #This is printed: a string of lowercase Latin characters (the exact string is not specified, but it is a string of lowercase Latin characters)
        return
        #The program returns nothing, but 'YES' is printed, 1 is printed, and the string s is printed, where s is a string of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, and x is -1. The function func_1 applied to the string s returns False.
    #State: *s is a string of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, x is -1, and the function func_1(s[0:]) returns True
    for i in range(1, n):
        if s[i] != s[0]:
            x = i
            break
        
    #State: s is a string of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, func_1(s[0:]) returns True, i is n, and x is the index of the first character in s that is not equal to the first character of s, or -1 if no such character exists.
    if (x == -1) :
        print('NO')
        #This is printed: NO
        return
        #The program returns nothing, as the return statement is empty. The current state of the program remains unchanged, with 's' being a string of lowercase Latin characters, 'n' being the length of 's', 'func_1(s[0:])' returning True, 'i' being equal to 'n', and 'x' being -1, indicating that all characters in 's' are equal to the first character of 's', and 'NO' being printed.
    #State: *s is a string of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, func_1(s[0:]) returns True, i is n, and x is the index of the first character in s that is not equal to the first character of s, or -1 if no such character exists. x is not equal to -1
    if (func_1(s[x + 1:]) == False) :
        print('YES')
        #This is printed: YES
        print(2)
        #This is printed: 2
        print(s[:x + 1], ' ', s[x + 1:])
        #This is printed: [substring of s containing all characters equal to the first character of s] [substring of s containing characters not equal to the first character of s]
    else :
        if (x == 1 or x == n // 2) :
            print('NO')
            #This is printed: NO
        else :
            print('YES')
            #This is printed: YES
            print(2)
            #This is printed: 2
            print(s[:x + 2], ' ', s[x + 2:])
            #This is printed: The substring of s from the start to the index x + 2 (where x is the index of the first character in s that is not equal to the first character of s), followed by a space, followed by the substring of s from the index x + 2 to the end (where x is the index of the first character in s that is not equal to the first character of s)
        #State: *s is a string of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, func_1(s[0:]) returns True, i is n, and x is the index of the first character in s that is not equal to the first character of s, and x is not equal to -1, and func_1(s[x + 1:]) returns True. If x is either 1 or half of the length of s, 'NO' is printed. Otherwise, 'YES' is printed, the number 2 is printed, and the first x + 2 characters of the string s and the rest of the string s from index x + 2 to the end of the string s are printed.
    #State: *s is a string of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, func_1(s[0:]) returns True, i is n, and x is the index of the first character in s that is not equal to the first character of s. If func_1(s[x + 1:]) is False, 'YES' is printed, the number 2 is printed, and the substring of s from the start to the index x+1 (inclusive) which is a string of the same character repeated, and the substring of s from the index x+1 to the end which is a string of lowercase Latin characters. If func_1(s[x + 1:]) is True, then if x is either 1 or half of the length of s, 'NO' is printed. Otherwise, 'YES' is printed, the number 2 is printed, and the first x + 2 characters of the string s and the rest of the string s from index x + 2 to the end of the string s are printed.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function determines whether a given string of lowercase Latin characters can be divided into two substrings, each containing the same character repeated, or two substrings where the first substring contains the same character repeated and the second substring contains a different character repeated. If the string can be divided in such a way, it prints 'YES', the number 2, and the two substrings. If the string cannot be divided in such a way, it prints 'NO'. If the entire string contains the same character repeated, it prints 'YES', the number 1, and the string itself.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

