
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
[Proof Geometric Construction Can Solve All Love Affairs -
manbo-p](https://soundcloud.com/alice-law-314125270/manbo-p-proof-geometric-
construction-can-solve-all-love-affairs)

⠀

This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference between the two
versions is the constraint on y . In this version 0 \leq y \leq n - x . You
can make hacks only if both versions are solved.

Bessie has received a birthday cake from her best friend Elsie, and it came in
the form of a regular polygon with n sides. The vertices of the cake are
numbered from 1 to n clockwise. You and Bessie are going to choose some of
those vertices to cut non-intersecting diagonals into the cake. In other
words, the endpoints of the diagonals must be part of the chosen vertices.

Bessie would only like to give out pieces of cake which result in a triangle
to keep consistency. The size of the pieces doesn't matter, and the whole cake
does not have to be separated into all triangles (other shapes are allowed in
the cake, but those will not be counted).

Bessie has already chosen x of those vertices that can be used to form
diagonals. She wants you to choose no more than y other vertices such that the
number of triangular pieces of cake she can give out is maximized.

What is the maximum number of triangular pieces of cake Bessie can give out?

Input

The first line contains a single integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^4 ) — the number
of test cases.

The first line of each test case consists of three integers, n , x , and y (4
\leq n \leq 10^9 , 2 \leq x \leq \min(n, 2 \cdot 10^5) , 0 \leq y \leq n - x )
— the number of sides of the polygon, number of vertices Bessie has chosen,
and the maximum number of other vertices you can choose.

The second line consists of x distinct integers from 1 to n , representing the
vertices Bessie has chosen.

It is guaranteed the sum of x over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot 10^5
.

Output

For each test case, output a single integer: the maximum number of non-
intersecting triangular pieces of cake she can give out.

Example

Input

    3
    
    8 4 2
    
    1 6 2 5
    
    7 3 1
    
    6 4 3
    
    4 2 2
    
    1 3

Output

    6
    5
    2
    
Note

In test cases 1 , 2 and 3 , you can get 6 , 5 and 2 non-intersecting
triangular pieces of cake, respectively. A possible construction is shown in
the following pictures:

The green dots represent vertices that Bessie chose, the yellow dots represent
vertices that you chose, the blue lines represent diagonals that are drawn,
and the red numbers represent triangles that are counted.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/13b28beb7f5f0d100798f357f58c804c5314c869.png)

# Annotated Program:
if __name__ == '__main__':
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains an integer t (1 <= t <= 10^4) followed by t test cases. Each test case consists of two lines. The first line contains three integers n, x, and y (4 <= n <= 10^9, 2 <= x <= min(n, 2 * 10^5), 0 <= y <= n - x). The second line contains x distinct integers from 1 to n.
    n, x, y = map(int, input().split())
    a = list(map(int, input().split()))
    a = [(num - 1) for num in a]
    a.sort()
    present = set(a)
    ans = x - 2
    for i in range(x):
        t1 = (a[i] + 1) % n
        
        t2 = (a[i] + 2) % n
        
        if t1 not in present and t2 in present:
            ans += 1
        
    #State: n is an integer between 4 and 10^9, x is an integer equal to 0, y is an integer between 0 and n, a is a sorted list of 0 distinct integers from 0 to n-1, present is a set of 0 distinct integers from 0 to n-1, ans is an integer equal to 0, i is x, t1 is an integer equal to (a[i] + 1) % n, t2 is an integer equal to (a[i] + 2) % n, stdin contains t-1 test cases.
    gaps = []
    for i in range(x):
        next_elem = a[(i + 1) % x] + (n if i == x - 1 else 0)
        
        gap = next_elem - a[i] - 1
        
        if gap > 0:
            gaps.append(gap)
        
    #State: `n` is an integer between 4 and 10^9, `x` is an integer greater than or equal to 0, `y` is an integer between 0 and `n`, `a` is a sorted list of `n` distinct integers from 0 to `n-1`, `present` is a set of `n` distinct integers from 0 to `n-1`, `ans` is an integer equal to 0, `i` is equal to `x`, `t1` is an integer equal to (`a[x-1] + 1`) % `n`, `t2` is an integer equal to (`a[x-1] + 2`) % `n`, `gaps` is a list containing one or two integers, the first integer is equal to (`a[(x-1 + 1) % x] + (n if x-1 == x - 1 else 0)`) - `a[x-1] - 1`, and if the current value of `gap` is greater than 0, the second integer is equal to the current value of `gap`, `stdin` contains `t-1` test cases, `next_elem` is an integer equal to `a[(x-1 + 1) % x] + (n if x-1 == x - 1 else 0)`, and the current value of `gap` is an integer greater than or equal to 0. If `gap` is greater than 0, `gaps` contains two integers.
    gaps.sort()
    for gap in gaps:
        pairs = gap // 2
        
        if y >= pairs:
            ans += gap
            y -= pairs
        else:
            ans += 2 * y
            break
        
    #State: n is an integer between 4 and 10^9, x is an integer greater than or equal to 0, y is an integer between 0 and n, a is a sorted list of n distinct integers from 0 to n-1, present is a set of n distinct integers from 0 to n-1, i is equal to x, t1 is an integer equal to (a[x-1] + 1) % n, t2 is an integer equal to (a[x-1] + 2) % n, gaps is an empty list, stdin contains t-1 test cases, next_elem is an integer equal to a[(x-1 + 1) % x] + (n if x-1 == x - 1 else 0), ans is an integer equal to the sum of all integers in the list gaps plus 2 times the minimum of y and the sum of all pairs, and y is an integer equal to the maximum of 0 and y minus the sum of all pairs.
    print(ans)
    #This is printed: 0 + 2 * min(y, sum of all pairs) (where y is the maximum of 0 and y minus the sum of all pairs, and sum of all pairs is the sum of all pairs)

#Overall this is what the function does:This function calculates the maximum number of pairs that can be formed from a given set of integers, considering the gaps between consecutive integers and the availability of a certain number of pairs. It takes as input a set of integers and the number of pairs available, and returns the maximum number of pairs that can be formed. The function first sorts the input integers and calculates the gaps between consecutive integers. It then iterates over the gaps, calculating the number of pairs that can be formed from each gap and updating the total number of pairs accordingly. The function finally returns the total number of pairs that can be formed.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

