
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You are designing a new video game. It has n scenarios, which the player may
play in any order, but each scenario must be played exactly once. When a
player switches from a scenario to another scenario, the game shows a
specially crafted transition video to make it all feel part of one big story.
This video is specific to a pair of scenarios, but not to their order, in
other words, the video playing when switching from scenario a to scenario b is
the same as the video playing when switching from scenario b to scenario a .
Therefore, you need to create \frac{n(n-1)}{2} different transition videos,
one for each possible pair of different scenarios.

Each transition video can be either funny or scary. It is boring to see too
many funny videos or too many scary videos in a row. Therefore, your goal is
to create the videos in such a way that no matter in which order does the
player approach the scenarios, they will never see more than \lceil
\frac{3n}{4} \rceil transition videos of the same type in a row.

You have already come up with ideas for at most \lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor of
the transition videos, and therefore already know if those will be funny or
scary. Now you need to choose funny or scary for all other transition videos
in such a way that the above requirement is satisfied.

Input

The first line contains a single integer n (2 \le n \le 24 ) â€” the number of
scenarios in the game.

The next n lines describe the partial transition video plan. Each of those
lines contains n characters. The j -th character of the i -th line corresponds
to the transition video between the i -th and the j -th scenarios. It will be
F if the corresponding transition video will be funny, S if the corresponding
transition video will be scary, ? if the corresponding transition video is
still undecided, or . if i=j .

It is guaranteed that the i -th character of the j -th line and the j -th
character of the i -th line will be the same for all i and j . It is
guaranteed that at most \lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor (n divided by 2, rounded
down) transition videos will already be decided, in other words, that at most
2\lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor characters in the input will be F or S.

Output

Print n lines describing the full transition video plan in the same format as
the input. Each of those lines must contain n characters. The j -th character
of the i -th line must be F if the corresponding transition video is funny, S
if the corresponding transition video is scary, or . if i=j .

Each ? character from the input must be replaced with either F or S, and all
other characters from the input must remain unchanged. It must still hold that
the i -th character of the j -th line and the j -th character of the i -th
line are the same for all i and j .

For each permutation of the n scenarios, it must hold that the transition
videos corresponding to playing the scenarios in this order do not have more
than \lceil \frac{3n}{4} \rceil (3n divided by 4, rounded up) videos of the
same type consecutively.

If there are multiple solutions, print any of them. It can be proven that for
all inputs satisfying the constraints of this problem a solution always
exists.

Examples

Input

    5
    
    .?F??
    
    ?.???
    
    F?.S?
    
    ??S.?
    
    ????.

Output

    .FFFF
    F.FFF
    FF.SF
    FFS.F
    FFFF.

Input

    12
    
    .???????????
    
    ?.??????????
    
    ??.?????????
    
    ???.????????
    
    ????.???????
    
    ?????.??????
    
    ??????.?????
    
    ???????.????
    
    ????????.???
    
    ?????????.??
    
    ??????????.?
    
    ???????????.

Output

    .SSSFFSSSSFS
    S.SFFSFSFFFS
    SS.SFFFSSSFS
    SFS.FFSSSSFS
    FFFF.FFFFFSF
    FSFFF.SFFSFF
    SFFSFS.SSSFS
    SSSSFFS.SSFS
    SFSSFFSS.SFS
    SFSSFSSSS.FS
    FFFFSFFFFF.F
    SSSSFFSSSSF.
    
Note

In the first sample: We are allowed \lceil \frac{3\cdot 5}{4} \rceil=4
transition videos of the same type in a row, but for any permutation of the 5
scenarios the player will see only 4 transition videos in total, therefore we
can choose funny or scary freely. We must still respect the already chosen
types.

In the second sample: One of the 479001600 possible permutations of scenarios
is 1, 7, 4, 12, 9, 8, 2, 6, 10, 3, 11, 5. The player will get the following
sequence of transition videos for this permutation: SSSSSSSSSFS. Even though
this sequence has 10 scary transition videos in total, it has only 9 scary
transition videos in a row, which is the maximum allowed amount (\lceil
\frac{3\cdot 12}{4} \rceil=9 ).

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains n+1 inputs: the first input is an integer n (2 <= n <= 24), and the next n inputs are strings of length n. Each string contains characters '.', 'F', 'S', or '?', where '.' represents the same scenario, 'F' represents a funny transition video, 'S' represents a scary transition video, and '?' represents an undecided transition video. The number of 'F' and 'S' characters in all strings does not exceed floor(n/2). The i-th character of the j-th string and the j-th character of the i-th string are the same for all i and j.
    n = int(input())
    a = [0] * (n + 1)
    b = [0] * (n + 1)
    xx = ['']
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        x = input()
        
        for j in range(1, n + 1):
            if x[j - 1] == 'F':
                a[i] += 1
                a[j] += 1
            elif x[j - 1] == 'S':
                b[i] += 1
                b[j] += 1
        
        xx.append(x)
        
    #State: n is an integer between 2 and 24, a is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index j to n, b is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index j to n, xx is a list containing an empty string and n strings x of length n, x is a string of length n, i is n+1, j is n+1, stdin contains 0 inputs: strings of length n.
    sa = []
    sb = []
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        if a[i] > 0 and b[i] == 0:
            sa.append(i)
        
        if b[i] > 0 and a[i] == 0:
            sb.append(i)
        
    #State: `n` is an integer between 2 and 24, `a` is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index j to n, `b` is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index j to n, `xx` is a list containing an empty string and n strings x of length n, `x` is a string of length n, `i` is n+1, `j` is n+1, stdin contains 0 inputs: strings of length n. `sa` is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of `a[i]` is greater than 0 and the value of `b[i]` is 0, and `sb` is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of `b[i]` is greater than 0 and the value of `a[i]` is 0.
    if (len(sa) >= len(sb)) :
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            if a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0:
                sa.append(i)
            
        #State: Output State: `n` is an integer between 2 and 24, `a` is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index j to n, `b` is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index j to n, `xx` is a list containing an empty string and n strings x of length n, `x` is a string of length n, `i` is n+1, `j` is n+1, stdin contains 0 inputs: strings of length n. `sa` is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of `a[i]` is greater than 0 and the value of `b[i]` is 0, and `sb` is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of `b[i]` is greater than 0 and the value of `a[i]` is 0. The current value of `sa` has a length greater than or equal to the length of `sb`. If the current value of `a[i]` is 0 and the current value of `b[i]` is 0, then the value of `i` has been appended to `sa`.
        #
        #The loop iterates from 1 to n (inclusive), and in each iteration, it checks if the current index i has both a[i] and b[i] equal to 0. If this condition is true, it appends the index i to the list sa. After the loop finishes executing all iterations, the value of i will be n+1, and the list sa will contain all indices from 1 to n where both a[i] and b[i] are 0. The state of the other variables remains unchanged.
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            nx = ''
            
            for j in range(1, n + 1):
                if xx[i][j - 1] != '?':
                    nx += xx[i][j - 1]
                elif i in sa[:n // 4] or j in sa[:n // 4]:
                    nx += 'F'
                else:
                    nx += 'S'
            
            print(nx)
            
        #State: n is an integer between 2 and 24, a is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index j to n, b is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index j to n, xx is a list containing an empty string and n strings x of length n, x is a string of length n, i is n+1, j is n+1, stdin contains 0 inputs: strings of length n. sa is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of a[i] is greater than 0 and the value of b[i] is 0, and sb is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of b[i] is greater than 0 and the value of a[i] is 0. The current value of sa has a length greater than or equal to the length of sb. If the current value of a[i] is 0 and the current value of b[i] is 0, then the value of i has been appended to sa. nx is a string of length n, where each character is either the character at the corresponding index in the string at index i in xx if it is not '?', or 'F' if i or the index is in the first n // 4 elements of sa, or 'S' otherwise, and nx is printed n times.
    else :
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            if a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0:
                sb.append(i)
            
        #State: `n` is an integer between 2 and 24, `a` is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index j to n, `b` is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index j to n, `xx` is a list containing an empty string and n strings x of length n, `x` is a string of length n, `i` is n+1, `j` is n+1, stdin contains 0 inputs: strings of length n. `sa` is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of `a[i]` is greater than 0 and the value of `b[i]` is 0, and `sb` is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of `b[i]` is greater than 0 and the value of `a[i]` is 0. The length of `sa` is less than the length of `sb`. `sb` now contains all indices `i` from 1 to n where the value of `a[i]` is 0 and the value of `b[i]` is 0.
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            nx = ''
            
            for j in range(1, n + 1):
                if xx[i][j - 1] != '?':
                    nx += xx[i][j - 1]
                elif i in sb[:n // 4] or j in sb[:n // 4]:
                    nx += 'S'
                else:
                    nx += 'F'
            
            print(nx)
            
        #State: Output State: `n` is an integer between 2 and 24, `a` is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index j to n, `b` is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index j to n, `xx` is a list containing an empty string and n strings x of length n, `x` is a string of length n, `i` is n+1, `j` is n+1, stdin contains 0 inputs: strings of length n. `sa` is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of `a[i]` is greater than 0 and the value of `b[i]` is 0, and `sb` is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of `a[i]` is 0 and the value of `b[i]` is 0. The length of `sa` is less than the length of `sb`. `sb` now contains all indices `i` from 1 to n where the value of `a[i]` is 0 and the value of `b[i]` is 0. `nx` is a string of length n, which is either the character at index j-1 of the string at index i in `xx` appended to its previous value or 'S' appended to its previous value or the character at index j-1 of the string at index i in `xx` followed by 'F'. If `xx[i][j - 1]` is '?', then if `i` is in the first quarter of the list `sb` or `j` is in the first quarter of the list `sb`, `nx` is a string containing 'S' and the character at index `j-1` of the string at index `i` in `xx` is '?'. Otherwise, `nx` is a string containing 'F' and the character at index `j-1` of the string at index `i` in `xx` is '?'. If `i` is in the first quarter of the list `sb` or `j` is in the first quarter of the list `sb`, then `nx` has been appended with 'S'. Otherwise, `nx` is now a string containing 'F' appended to its previous value or 'F' appended to its previous value followed by 'F', and `nx` is printed.
        #
        #In natural language, the output state after the loop executes all the iterations is that the loop has finished executing, and the variables `i` and `j` have reached their final values of `n+1`. The string `nx` has been fully constructed and printed, and its value depends on the values of `xx[i][j-1]`, `i`, and `j` during each iteration of the loop. If `xx[i][j-1]` is not '?', then `nx` contains the character at index `j-1` of the string at index `i` in `xx`. If `xx[i][j-1]` is '?', then if `i` or `j` is in the first quarter of the list `sb`, `nx` contains 'S', otherwise it contains 'F'. The other variables `n`, `a`, `b`, `xx`, `x`, `sa`, and `sb` remain unchanged.
    #State: *n is an integer between 2 and 24, a is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'F's in all strings x from index j to n, b is a list of n+1 integers where the value at index i is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index i to n, and the value at index j is the total number of 'S's in all strings x from index j to n, xx is a list containing an empty string and n strings x of length n, x is a string of length n, i is n+1, j is n+1, stdin contains 0 inputs: strings of length n. sa is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of a[i] is greater than 0 and the value of b[i] is 0, and sb is a list containing all indices i from 1 to n where the value of b[i] is greater than 0 and the value of a[i] is 0. The length of sa is greater than or equal to the length of sb. nx is a string of length n, where each character is either the character at the corresponding index in the string at index i in xx if it is not '?', or 'F' if i or the index is in the first n // 4 elements of sa, or 'S' otherwise, and nx is printed n times. If the length of sa is less than the length of sb, then sb now contains all indices i from 1 to n where the value of a[i] is 0 and the value of b[i] is 0. nx is a string of length n, which is either the character at index j-1 of the string at index i in xx appended to its previous value or 'S' appended to its previous value or the character at index j-1 of the string at index i in xx followed by 'F'. If xx[i][j - 1] is '?', then if i is in the first quarter of the list sb or j is in the first quarter of the list sb, nx is a string containing 'S' and the character at index j-1 of the string at index i in xx is '?'. Otherwise, nx is a string containing 'F' and the character at index j-1 of the string at index i in xx is '?'. If i is in the first quarter of the list sb or j is in the first quarter of the list sb, then nx has been appended with 'S'. Otherwise, nx is now a string containing 'F' appended to its previous value or 'F' appended to its previous value followed by 'F', and nx is printed.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes as input a series of strings representing transition videos, where each string contains characters '.', 'F', 'S', or '?', indicating the type of transition video. The function then processes these strings to determine the final state of the transition videos. If the number of 'F' transitions is greater than or equal to the number of 'S' transitions, the function replaces all '?' characters with 'F' if the index is in the first quarter of the list of 'F' transitions, and with 'S' otherwise. If the number of 'S' transitions is greater than the number of 'F' transitions, the function replaces all '?' characters with 'S' if the index is in the first quarter of the list of 'S' transitions, and with 'F' otherwise. The function then prints the final state of the transition videos.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

