
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Alice and Bob are playing a game on a checkered board. The board has h rows,
numbered from top to bottom, and w columns, numbered from left to right. Both
players have a chip each. Initially, Alice's chip is located at the cell with
coordinates (x_a, y_a) (row x_a , column y_a ), and Bob's chip is located at
(x_b, y_b) . It is guaranteed that the initial positions of the chips do not
coincide. Players take turns making moves, with Alice starting.

On her turn, Alice can move her chip one cell down or one cell down-right or
down-left (diagonally). Bob, on the other hand, moves his chip one cell up,
up-right, or up-left. It is not allowed to make moves that go beyond the board
boundaries.

More formally, if at the beginning of Alice's turn she is in the cell with
coordinates (x_a, y_a) , then she can move her chip to one of the cells (x_a +
1, y_a) , (x_a + 1, y_a - 1) , or (x_a + 1, y_a + 1) . Bob, on his turn, from
the cell (x_b, y_b) can move to (x_b - 1, y_b) , (x_b - 1, y_b - 1) , or (x_b
- 1, y_b + 1) . The new chip coordinates (x', y') must satisfy the conditions
1 \le x' \le h and 1 \le y' \le w .

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/d2faa6ca73d70e765c2cc6ef0834e24c2e4a5528.png)
Example game state. Alice plays with the white chip, Bob with the black one.
Arrows indicate possible moves.

A player immediately wins if they place their chip in a cell occupied by the
other player's chip. If either player cannot make a move (Alice—if she is in
the last row, i.e. x_a = h , Bob—if he is in the first row, i.e. x_b = 1 ),
the game immediately ends in a draw.

What will be the outcome of the game if both opponents play optimally?

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. This is followed by
the description of the test cases.

Each test case consists of a single line containing six integers h , w , x_a ,
y_a , x_b , y_b (1 \le x_a, x_b \le h \le 10^6 , 1 \le y_a, y_b \le w \le 10^9
) — the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's
chips. It is guaranteed that either x_a \ne x_b or y_a \ne y_b .

It is guaranteed that the sum of h over all test cases does not exceed 10^6 .

Output

For each test case, output "Alice" if Alice wins, "Bob" if Bob wins, and
"Draw" if neither player can secure a victory. You can output each letter in
any case (lowercase or uppercase). For example, the strings "bOb", "bob",
"Bob", and "BOB" will be accepted as Bob's victory.

Example

Input

    12
    
    6 5 2 2 5 3
    
    4 1 2 1 4 1
    
    1 4 1 3 1 1
    
    5 5 1 4 5 2
    
    4 4 1 1 4 4
    
    10 10 1 6 10 8
    
    10 10 2 6 10 7
    
    10 10 9 1 8 1
    
    10 10 8 1 10 2
    
    10 10 1 1 2 1
    
    10 10 1 3 4 1
    
    10 10 3 1 1 1

Output

    Alice
    Bob
    Draw
    Draw
    Draw
    Alice
    Draw
    Draw
    Bob
    Alice
    Alice
    Draw

# Annotated Program:
tt = int(input())
for _ in range(tt):
    func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains multiple test cases. The first line of stdin contains a single integer t (1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4) — the number of test cases. Each test case consists of a single line containing six integers h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b (1 ≤ x_a, x_b ≤ h ≤ 10^6, 1 ≤ y_a, y_b ≤ w ≤ 10^9) — the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. It is guaranteed that either x_a ≠ x_b or y_a ≠ y_b.
    r = list(map(int, input().split()))
    n, m, x1, y1, x2, y2 = r[0], r[1], r[2], r[3], r[4], r[5]
    if (x2 <= x1) :
        print('draw')
        #This is printed: draw
        return
        #The program returns nothing because there is no return value specified in the code snippet. The state of the variables remains the same: n is an integer equal to the first input, m is an integer equal to the second input, x1 is an integer equal to the third input, y1 is an integer equal to the fourth input, x2 is an integer equal to the fifth input, y2 is an integer equal to the sixth input, r is a list of six integers equal to the first six inputs, stdin contains one less test case than initially, and 'draw' is still printed.
    #State: *n is an integer equal to the first input, m is an integer equal to the second input, x1 is an integer equal to the third input, y1 is an integer equal to the fourth input, x2 is an integer equal to the fifth input, y2 is an integer equal to the sixth input, r is a list of six integers equal to the first six inputs, stdin contains one less test case than initially, and x2 is larger than x1
    if ((x2 - x1) % 2 != 0) :
        if (y1 == y2) :
            print('Alice')
            #This is printed: Alice
            return
            #The program returns nothing because there is no value or variable specified in the return statement.
        #State: *n is an integer equal to the first input, m is an integer equal to the second input, x1 is an integer equal to the third input, y1 is an integer equal to the fourth input, x2 is an integer equal to the fifth input, y2 is an integer equal to the sixth input, r is a list of six integers equal to the first six inputs, stdin contains one less test case than initially, x2 is larger than x1, the difference between x2 and x1 is an odd number, and y1 is not equal to y2
    else :
        if (y1 == y2) :
            print('bob')
            #This is printed: bob
            return
            #The program returns nothing, 'bob' is printed, stdin contains one less test case than initially, 'n' is an integer equal to the first input, 'm' is an integer equal to the second input, 'x1' is an integer equal to the third input, 'y1' is an integer equal to the fourth input, 'x2' is an integer equal to the fifth input, 'y2' is an integer equal to the sixth input, 'r' is a list of six integers equal to the first six inputs, 'x2' is larger than 'x1', the difference between 'x2' and 'x1' is even, and the current values of 'y1' and 'y2' are equal.
        #State: *n is an integer equal to the first input, m is an integer equal to the second input, x1 is an integer equal to the third input, y1 is an integer equal to the fourth input, x2 is an integer equal to the fifth input, y2 is an integer equal to the sixth input, r is a list of six integers equal to the first six inputs, stdin contains one less test case than initially, x2 is larger than x1, the difference between x2 and x1 is even, and y1 is not equal to y2



# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

