
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You and Nene are playing a card game. The deck with 2n cards is used to play
this game. Each card has an integer from 1 to n on it, and each of integers 1
through n appears exactly on 2 cards. Additionally, there is a table where
cards are placed during the game (initially, the table is empty).

In the beginning of the game, these 2n cards are distributed between you and
Nene so that each player receives n cards.

After it, you and Nene alternatively take 2n turns, i.e. each person takes n
turns, starting with you. On each turn:

  * The player whose turn is it selects one of the cards in his hand. Let x be the number on it. 
  * The player whose turn is it receives 1 point if there is already a card with the integer x on the table (otherwise, he receives no points). After it, he places the selected card with the integer x on the table. 

Note that turns are made publicly: each player can see all the cards on the
table at each moment.

Nene is very smart so she always selects cards optimally in order to maximize
her score in the end of the game (after 2n rounds). If she has several optimal
moves, she selects the move that minimizes your score in the end of the game.

More formally, Nene always takes turns optimally in order to maximize her
score in the end of the game in the first place and to minimize your score in
the end of the game in the second place.

Assuming that the cards are already distributed and cards in your hand have
integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n written on them, what is the maximum number of
points you can get by taking your turns optimally?

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ). The description of test cases follows.

The first line contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5 ) — the
number of cards you and Nene receive in the beginning of the game.

The second line contains n integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n (1 \le a_i \le n ) —
the integers on the cards in your hand. It is guaranteed that each integer
from 1 through n appears in the sequence a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n at most 2
times.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output one integer: the maximum number of points you can
get.

Example

Input

    5
    
    4
    
    1 1 2 3
    
    8
    
    7 4 1 2 8 8 5 5
    
    8
    
    7 1 4 5 3 4 2 6
    
    3
    
    1 2 3
    
    1
    
    1

Output

    1
    2
    1
    0
    0
    
Note

In the first test case, the integers written on your cards are 1 , 1 , 2 and 3
. The integers written on Nene's cards are 2 , 3 , 4 and 4 . The game may
proceed as follows:

  1. You select one of the cards with an integer 1 written on it and place it on the table. 
  2. Nene selects one of the cards with an integer 4 written on it and places it on the table. 
  3. You select the card with an integer 1 written on it, receive 1 point, and place the selected card on the table. 
  4. Nene selects the card with an integer 4 written on it, receive 1 point, and places the selected card on the table. 
  5. You select the card with an integer 2 written on it and place it on the table. 
  6. Nene selects the card with an integer 2 written on it, receive 1 point, and places the selected card on the table. 
  7. You select the card with an integer 3 written on it and place it on the table. 
  8. Nene selects the card with an integer 3 written on it, receive 1 point, and places the selected card on the table. 

At the end of the game, you scored 1 point, and Nene scored 3 . It can be
shown that you cannot score more than 1 point if Nene plays optimally, so the
answer is 1 .

In the second test case, if both players play optimally, you score 2 points
and Nene scores 6 points.

# Annotated Program:
for _ in range(int(input())):
    print(func_1())

#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains multiple test cases. The first line of stdin contains one input: a positive integer (the number of test cases). Each test case contains two lines of input. The first line of each test case contains one input: a positive integer (the number of cards you and Nene receive in the beginning of the game). The second line of each test case contains a space-separated list of positive integers (the integers on the cards in your hand). The length of the list is equal to the number of cards you receive in the beginning of the game. Each integer in the list is less than or equal to the number of cards you receive in the beginning of the game. Each integer from 1 through the number of cards you receive in the beginning of the game appears in the list at most 2 times.
    n = int(input())
    cards = list(map(int, input().split()))
    dp = [([0] * (n + 1)) for _ in range(n + 1)]
    dp[n - 1][0] = 0
    dp[n - 2][0] = 0
    for i in range(n - 3, -1, -1):
        for j in range(n - 1, -1, -1):
            if cards.count(j + 1) == 0:
                dp[i][j] = dp[i + 1][j]
            elif cards.count(j + 1) == 1:
                dp[i][j] = max(dp[i + 1][j], dp[i + 2][j - 1] + 1)
            else:
                dp[i][j] = max(dp[i + 1][j], dp[i + 2][j - 1] + 1, dp[i + 1][j + 1])
        
    #State: n is at least 1, i is -1, j is -1, cards is a list of positive integers, and dp is a 2D list of size (n + 1) x (n + 1). For all i and j where 0 <= i <= n - 1 and 0 <= j <= n - 1, if j + 1 is not in cards, then dp[i][j] is equal to dp[i + 1][j]. If cards contains j + 1 exactly once, then dp[i][j] is the maximum of dp[i + 1][j] and dp[i + 2][j - 1] + 1. If cards contains j + 1 more than once, then dp[i][j] is the maximum of dp[i + 1][j], dp[i + 2][j - 1] + 1, and dp[i + 1][j + 1].
    return dp[0][0]
    #The program returns the value of dp[0][0], which is the maximum value that can be obtained from the 2D list dp, considering the conditions based on the presence of j + 1 in the list cards.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function determines the maximum value that can be obtained from a 2D list dp, based on the presence of integers in a list of cards. It takes no explicit parameters but reads input from stdin, including the number of test cases, the number of cards, and the integers on the cards. The function returns the maximum value that can be obtained, considering the conditions based on the presence of integers in the list of cards.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

