
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Let's call the Manhattan value of a permutation^{\dagger} p the value of the
expression |p_1 - 1| + |p_2 - 2| + \ldots + |p_n - n| .

For example, for the permutation [1, 2, 3] , the Manhattan value is |1 - 1| +
|2 - 2| + |3 - 3| = 0 , and for the permutation [3, 1, 2] , the Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

You are given integers n and k . Find a permutation p of length n such that
its Manhattan value is equal to k , or determine that no such permutation
exists.

^{\dagger} A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct
integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a
permutation, but [1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array),
and [1,3,4] is also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^{4} ) — the number of test cases. The description
of the test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \le n \le 2
\cdot 10^{5}, 0 \le k \le 10^{12} ) — the length of the permutation and the
required Manhattan value.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^{5} .

Output

For each test case, if there is no suitable permutation, output "No".
Otherwise, in the first line, output "Yes", and in the second line, output n
distinct integers p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n (1 \le p_i \le n ) — a suitable
permutation.

If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

You can output the answer in any case (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes",
"Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as a positive answer).

Example

Input

    8
    
    3 4
    
    4 5
    
    7 0
    
    1 1000000000000
    
    8 14
    
    112 777
    
    5 12
    
    5 2

Output

    Yes
    3 1 2
    No
    Yes
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7
    No
    Yes
    8 2 3 4 5 6 1 7
    No
    Yes
    5 4 3 1 2
    Yes
    2 1 3 4 5
    
Note

In the first test case, the permutation [3, 1, 2] is suitable, its Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

In the second test case, it can be proven that there is no permutation of
length 4 with a Manhattan value of 5 .

In the third test case, the permutation [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] is suitable, its
Manhattan value is |1-1|+|2-2|+|3-3|+|4-4|+|5-5|+|6-6|+|7-7|=0 .

# Annotated Functions:
T = int(input())
for i in range(T):
    func_4()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer.
    k = k // 2
    l = list(range(1, n + 1))
    for i in range(n - 1, -1, -1):
        if k == 0:
            return l
        
        if 1 + i > k:
            x = l[-1]
            l.pop(-1)
            l.insert(-k, x)
            return l
        
        k = k - i + 1
        
        x = l[-1]
        
        l.pop(-1)
        
        l.insert(0, x)
        
    #State: The loop terminates when `i` is -1, at which point `k` is 0 and the list `l` is a rotated version of the original list, with the last `n - k` elements moved to the beginning of the list.

#Overall this is what the function does:Rotates a list of integers from 1 to n by moving the last k elements to the beginning of the list, where n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer. The function returns the rotated list. If k is 0, the original list is returned.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are non-negative integers such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5 and 0 <= k <= 10^12.
    n, k = map(int, input().split())
    if (k % 2) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: the first value is 0, and the second value is also 0. Both values are integers.
    #State: *`n` is a non-negative integer such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5, `k` is a non-negative integer such that 0 <= k <= 10^12, stdin contains no input. k is an even number
    if (n % 2) :
        max_k = (n ** 2 - 1) // 2
    else :
        max_k = n ** 2 // 2
    #State: *`n` is a non-negative integer such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5, `k` is a non-negative integer such that 0 <= k <= 10^12, stdin contains no input. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is a non-negative integer such that 0 <= max_k <= 2 * 10^10. If `n` is even, `max_k` is an integer such that 0.5 * n^2 <= max_k <= 2 * 10^10.
    if (max_k < k) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: the first value is 0, which is an integer, and the second value is also 0, which is an integer.
    #State: *`n` is a non-negative integer such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5, `k` is a non-negative integer such that 0 <= k <= 10^12, stdin contains no input. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is a non-negative integer such that 0 <= max_k <= 2 * 10^10. If `n` is even, `max_k` is an integer such that 0.5 * n^2 <= max_k <= 2 * 10^10. Additionally, `max_k` is greater than or equal to `k`.
    return n, k
    #The program returns a tuple containing two values: `n` and `k`. `n` is a non-negative integer between 1 and 2 * 10^5 (inclusive), and `k` is a non-negative integer between 0 and 10^12 (inclusive). Additionally, if `n` is odd, `k` is less than or equal to `max_k`, which is a non-negative integer between 0 and 2 * 10^10 (inclusive). If `n` is even, `k` is less than or equal to `max_k`, which is an integer between 0.5 * n^2 and 2 * 10^10 (inclusive).

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes two non-negative integers `n` and `k` as input, where `1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5` and `0 <= k <= 10^12`. It checks if `k` is even, and if so, it calculates a maximum value `max_k` based on `n`. If `k` is greater than `max_k`, the function returns `(0, 0)`. Otherwise, it returns the original values of `n` and `k`. If `k` is odd, the function immediately returns `(0, 0)`. The function effectively filters out cases where `k` is odd or exceeds the calculated `max_k` for a given `n`, and returns the original values only when `k` is even and within the valid range.

#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: l is a list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, where n is the length of the list.
    print('YES')
    #This is printed: YES
    for i in l:
        print(i, end=' ')
        
    #State: l is a list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, where n is the length of the list, 'YES' is being printed, i is the last integer in the list, and the last integer in the list which is [i] is being printed, and all integers in the list have been printed
    print()
    #This is printed: Nothing
    return
    #The program returns nothing because the return statement is empty. The list 'l' remains unchanged, containing distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, where n is the length of the list. The string 'YES' has been printed, the last integer in the list 'i' has been printed, and all integers in the list have been printed, followed by a new line.

#Overall this is what the function does:Prints 'YES' followed by the elements of the input list 'l' in their original order, separated by spaces, and then a new line, without modifying the list.

#Function 4:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer.
    n, k = func_2()
    if (n == 0) :
        print('NO')
        #This is printed: NO
        return
        #The program returns nothing because there is no return value specified in the return statement. The current state of the program remains unchanged, with 'n' being 0 and 'NO' being printed. The values of 'n' and 'k' returned by func_2() are not utilized in this code snippet.
    #State: *`n` and `k` are returned by `func_2()`, `n` is a positive integer and not equal to 0, `k` is a non-negative integer
    l = func_1(n, k)
    func_3(l)
    return
    #The program returns the value of l, which is the value returned by func_1(n, k), where n is a positive integer and not equal to 0, and k is a non-negative integer.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes no parameters and returns either nothing or a value. If the positive integer 'n' returned by func_2() is 0, it prints 'NO' and returns nothing. Otherwise, it calls func_1() with 'n' and non-negative integer 'k' as arguments, passes the result to func_3(), and returns the value returned by func_1().




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

