
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
[Christopher Tin ft. Soweto Gospel Choir - Baba
Yetu](https://youtu.be/d4iOF4yoNQw)

ඞ

You are given a string s consisting of lowercase Latin characters. You need to
partition^\dagger this string into some substrings, such that each substring
is not a palindrome^\ddagger .

^\dagger A partition of a string s is an ordered sequence of some k strings
t_1, t_2, \ldots, t_k , such that t_1 + t_2 + \ldots + t_k = s , where + here
represents the concatenation operation.

^\ddagger A string s is considered a palindrome if it reads the same backwards
as forwards. For example, \mathtt{racecar} , \mathtt{abccba} , and \mathtt{a}
are palindromes, but \mathtt{ab} , \mathtt{dokibird} , and \mathtt{kurosanji}
are not.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer t
(1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases.

Each test case contains a string s consisting of lowercase Latin characters (1
\le |s| \le 10^6 ).

It is guaranteed that the sum of |s| over all test cases does not exceed 10^6
.

Output

For each test case, print on one line "YES" if there exists a partition of s
whose parts are not palindromes, or "NO" if there is no such partition.

If the answer is "YES", on the second line, print an integer k — the number of
parts that s needs to be partitioned to such that each part is not a
palindrome. On the third line, print k strings t_1, t_2, \ldots, t_k
representing such a partition. If there are multiple such partitions, print
any of them.

Example

Input

    3
    
    sinktheyacht
    
    lllllllll
    
    uwuowouwu

Output

    YES
    1
    sinktheyacht
    NO
    YES
    3
    uw uow ouwu
    
Note

In the first test case, since \mathtt{sinktheyacht} is already non-palindrome,
the partition [\mathtt{sinktheyacht}] is valid.

In the second test case, as any substring of the string s is palindrome, there
are no valid partitions.

In the third test case, another valid partition is [\mathtt{uw},\mathtt{uo},
\mathtt{wou}, \mathtt{wu}] .

# Annotated Functions:
t = int(input())
for _ in range(t):
    s = input()
    T1 = True
    T2 = True
    a = 0
    x = 2
    if s == s[0] * len(s):
        T1 = False
    elif len(s) > 2 and s == s[:2] * (len(s) // 2) + s[0]:
        T1 = False
    if T1 and func_1(s):
        if len(s) > 3:
            a = func_2(s)
        else:
            T1 = False
    if T1:
        if a == 0:
            s = [s]
            x = 1
        elif a == 1:
            z = len(s) // 2 + 1
            if s[z + 1:] == s[z + 1] * len(s[z + 1:]):
                T1 = False
            else:
                s = [s[:z + 1], s[z + 1:]]
        elif a == 2:
            z = len(s) // 2 + 1
            for k in range(len(s) // 2):
                if not (func_1(s[z + k:]) or func_1(s[:z + k])):
                    s = [s[:z + k], s[z + k:]]
                    T2 = False
                    break
            if T2:
                T1 = False
        elif a == 3:
            z = len(s) // 2
            s = [s[:z + 1], s[z + 1:]]
        else:
            z = len(s) // 2
            s = [s[:z], s[z:]]
        if T1:
            print('YES')
            print(x)
            print(' '.join(s))
        else:
            print('NO')
    else:
        print('NO')

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: ch is a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters.
    if (len(ch) % 2 == 0) :
        x = len(ch) // 2
    else :
        x = len(ch) // 2 + 1
    #State: *ch is a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters. The integer x is equal to half the length of ch if the length of ch is even, otherwise x is equal to half the length of ch plus 1.
    if (ch[:len(ch) // 2] == ch[x:][::-1]) :
        return True
        #The program returns True
    else :
        return False
        #The program returns False

#Overall this is what the function does:This function checks if the first half of a given string of lowercase Latin characters is the same as the reversed second half. If the string length is even, it compares the two halves directly. If the string length is odd, it compares the first half with the reversed second half, excluding the middle character. The function returns True if the two halves match and False otherwise.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: ch is a string of lowercase Latin characters.
    b = len(ch) // 2
    if (len(ch) % 2 == 0) :
        if func_1(ch[:b]) :
            a = 3
        else :
            a = 4
        #State: *`ch` is a string of lowercase Latin characters, the length of `ch` is even. `b` is an integer equal to half the length of `ch`. If the first half of the string `ch` satisfies the condition `func_1(ch[:b])`, then `a` is 3. Otherwise, `a` is 4.
    else :
        if func_1(ch[:b]) :
            a = 1
        else :
            a = 2
        #State: *`ch` is a string of lowercase Latin characters, the length of `ch` is odd, `b` is an integer equal to half the length of `ch`. If `func_1(ch[:b])` returns True, then `a` is 1. Otherwise, `a` is 2.
    #State: *`ch` is a string of lowercase Latin characters, `b` is an integer equal to half the length of `ch`. If the length of `ch` is even, then if the first half of the string `ch` satisfies the condition `func_1(ch[:b])`, `a` is 3, otherwise `a` is 4. If the length of `ch` is odd, then if `func_1(ch[:b])` returns True, `a` is 1, otherwise `a` is 2.
    return a
    #The program returns a value that depends on the length of the string `ch` and the result of the function `func_1(ch[:b])`. If the length of `ch` is even, the program returns 3 if `func_1(ch[:b])` is True, and 4 otherwise. If the length of `ch` is odd, the program returns 1 if `func_1(ch[:b])` is True, and 2 otherwise.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function categorizes a string of lowercase Latin characters based on its length and the result of a separate function `func_1` applied to the first half of the string. It returns an integer value (1, 2, 3, or 4) indicating the category, where the category depends on whether the string length is even or odd and whether `func_1` returns True or False for the first half of the string.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

