
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
In the village of Letovo, there are n houses. The villagers decided to build a
big road that will divide the village into left and right sides. Each resident
wants to live on either the right or the left side of the street, which is
described as a sequence a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n , where a_j = 0 if the resident
of the j -th house wants to live on the left side of the street; otherwise,
a_j = 1 .

The road will pass between two houses. The houses to the left of it will be
declared the left-side, and the houses to the right will be declared the
right-side. More formally, let the road pass between houses i and i+1 . Then
the houses at positions between 1 and i will be on the left side of the
street, and at positions between i+1 and n will be on the right side. The road
also may pass before the first and after the last house; in this case, the
entire village is declared to be either the right or left side, respectively.

To make the design fair, it was decided to lay the road so that at least half
of the residents on each side of the village are satisfied with the choice.
That is, among x residents on one side, at least \lceil\frac{x}{2}\rceil
should want to live on that side, where \lceil x \rceil denotes rounding up a
real number x .

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/75baa17903d65a630fb0d3334683e857d5fdc345.png)
To the left of the road, there will be i houses, among the corresponding a_j
there must be at least \lceil\frac{i}{2}\rceil zeros. To the right of the
road, there will be n-i houses, among the corresponding a_j there must be at
least \lceil\frac{n-i}{2}\rceil ones.

Determine after which house i the road should be laid in order to satisfy the
described condition and be as close to the middle of the village as possible.
Formally, among all suitable positions i , minimize \left|\frac{n}{2} -
i\right| .

If there are multiple suitable positions i with the minimum \left|\frac{n}{2}
- i\right| , output the smaller one.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 2\cdot 10^4 ). The description of the test cases
follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (3 \le n \le
3\cdot 10^5 ). The next line of each test case contains a string a of length n
, consisting only of 0 and 1 .

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 3\cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single number i â€” the position of the house after
which the road should be laid (if it should be laid before the first house,
output 0 ). We can show that the answer always exists.

Example

Input

    7
    
    3
    
    101
    
    6
    
    010111
    
    6
    
    011001
    
    3
    
    000
    
    3
    
    110
    
    3
    
    001
    
    4
    
    1100

Output

    2
    3
    2
    3
    0
    1
    0
    
Note

Let's consider the first example of input data.

If we lay the road after the first house, there will be one house a_1 = 1 on
the left side of the street, the resident of which would like to live on the
right side of the street. Then 0 out of 1 residents on the even side will be
satisfied with the choice, which means that the road cannot be laid after
house 1 .

If we lay the road after the second house, 1 out of 2 residents on the left
side (with preferences a_1 = 1 , a_2 = 0 ) and 1 out of 1 resident on the
right side (with preference a_3 = 1 ) will be satisfied with the choice. More
than half of the residents on each side are satisfied with the choice, which
means that the road can be laid after house 2 . We can show that this is the
optimal answer.

# Annotated Program:
import math

#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains multiple test cases. Each test case contains two inputs: first an integer (greater than or equal to 3) and then a string of 0s and 1s of the same length as the integer.
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        n = int(input())
        
        s = input()
        
        if n % 2 == 0:
            pk = n // 2
        else:
            pk = n // 2
        
        sl = list(s)
        
        o = sl.count('1')
        
        z = sl.count('0')
        
        zero, one = 0, 0
        
        lst = []
        
        mini = pow(10, 8)
        
        for i in range(n - 1):
            if s[i] == '0':
                zero += 1
            else:
                one += 1
            zero_perc = math.ceil(zero * 100 / (i + 1))
            one_perc = math.ceil((o - one) * 100 / (n - i - 1))
            if zero_perc >= 50 and one_perc >= 50:
                lst.append(i + 1)
        
        for ele in lst:
            mini = min(mini, abs(pk - ele))
        
        final = []
        
        for elem in lst:
            if abs(pk - elem) == mini:
                final.append(elem)
        
        final.sort()
        
        if len(final) == 0:
            c1 = o * 100 // n
            if c1 >= 50:
                final.append(0)
            else:
                final.append(n)
        
        print(final[0])
        
    #State: Output State: `_` is equal to `t`, `stdin` is empty, `n` is an integer greater than or equal to 3, `s` is a string of 0s and 1s of the same length as `n`, `pk` is an integer equal to `n // 2` if `n` is even, or `n // 2 - 1` if `n` is odd, `sl` is a list of characters in `s`, `o` is the number of '1's in `s`, `z` is the number of '0's in `s`, `zero` is the number of '0's in the first `n-1` characters of `s`, `one` is the number of '1's in the first `n-1` characters of `s`, `lst` is a list that must have at least `len(lst)` elements, `mini` is the minimum of `pow(10, 8)` and the absolute difference between `pk` and the last element in the list, `i` is `n-1`, `ele` is the last element in the list, `final` is a sorted list containing all elements in the list if the absolute difference between `pk` and the element in the list is equal to `mini`, `zero_perc` is the ceiling of `(zero * 100 / (n-1))`, `one_perc` is the ceiling of `((o - one) * 100 / 1)`, `elem` is the last element in the list, `c1` is the integer part of `o * 100 / n`. If `c1` is greater than or equal to 50, `final` contains an additional element 0. Otherwise, `final` contains `n`, and the first element of the `final` list is printed.
    #
    #In natural language, the output state after the loop executes all the iterations is as follows:
    #
    #The loop has finished executing all the iterations. The variable `_` is equal to the initial value of `t`, indicating that the loop has completed all the iterations. The standard input `stdin` is empty, as all the test cases have been processed. The variables `n`, `s`, `pk`, `sl`, `o`, `z`, `zero`, `one`, `lst`, `mini`, `i`, `ele`, `final`, `zero_perc`, `one_perc`, `elem`, and `c1` have the same values as in the output state after the loop executes 3 times. The first element of the `final` list is printed, which is either 0 or `n` depending on whether `c1` is greater than or equal to 50 or not.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function reads multiple test cases from standard input, where each test case consists of an integer (n) and a string (s) of 0s and 1s of the same length as n. It then calculates the percentage of 0s and 1s in the first n-1 characters of the string and checks if the percentage of 0s is greater than or equal to 50 and the percentage of 1s is also greater than or equal to 50. If this condition is met, it adds the current index to a list. After processing the entire string, it finds the minimum absolute difference between the middle index of the string (pk) and the indices in the list. If no such indices are found, it checks if the percentage of 1s in the entire string is greater than or equal to 50 and adds 0 or n to the list accordingly. Finally, it prints the smallest index in the list.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

