
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Let's call the Manhattan value of a permutation^{\dagger} p the value of the
expression |p_1 - 1| + |p_2 - 2| + \ldots + |p_n - n| .

For example, for the permutation [1, 2, 3] , the Manhattan value is |1 - 1| +
|2 - 2| + |3 - 3| = 0 , and for the permutation [3, 1, 2] , the Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

You are given integers n and k . Find a permutation p of length n such that
its Manhattan value is equal to k , or determine that no such permutation
exists.

^{\dagger} A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct
integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a
permutation, but [1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array),
and [1,3,4] is also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^{4} ) — the number of test cases. The description
of the test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \le n \le 2
\cdot 10^{5}, 0 \le k \le 10^{12} ) — the length of the permutation and the
required Manhattan value.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^{5} .

Output

For each test case, if there is no suitable permutation, output "No".
Otherwise, in the first line, output "Yes", and in the second line, output n
distinct integers p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n (1 \le p_i \le n ) — a suitable
permutation.

If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

You can output the answer in any case (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes",
"Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as a positive answer).

Example

Input

    8
    
    3 4
    
    4 5
    
    7 0
    
    1 1000000000000
    
    8 14
    
    112 777
    
    5 12
    
    5 2

Output

    Yes
    3 1 2
    No
    Yes
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7
    No
    Yes
    8 2 3 4 5 6 1 7
    No
    Yes
    5 4 3 1 2
    Yes
    2 1 3 4 5
    
Note

In the first test case, the permutation [3, 1, 2] is suitable, its Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

In the second test case, it can be proven that there is no permutation of
length 4 with a Manhattan value of 5 .

In the third test case, the permutation [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] is suitable, its
Manhattan value is |1-1|+|2-2|+|3-3|+|4-4|+|5-5|+|6-6|+|7-7|=0 .

# Annotated Functions:
T = int(input())
for i in range(T):
    func_4()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer.
    k = k // 2
    l = list(range(1, n + 1))
    for i in range(n - 1, -1, -1):
        if k == 0:
            return l
        
        if 1 + i > k:
            x = l[-1]
            l.pop(-1)
            l.insert(-k, x)
            return l
        
        k = k - i + 1
        
        x = l[-1]
        
        l.pop(-1)
        
        l.insert(0, x)
        
    #State: `n` is a positive integer, `k` is 0, `l` is a list of integers from 1 to `n` in reverse order, `i` is -1.

#Overall this is what the function does:Reorders a list of integers from 1 to n in a specific way based on the input k, resulting in a list where the last element is moved to a position determined by k, and the remaining elements are in reverse order.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are integers such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5 and 0 <= k <= 10^12.
    n, k = map(int, input().split())
    if (k % 2) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: the first value is 0, and the second value is also 0.
    #State: *`n` is an integer such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5 and `k` is an integer such that 0 <= k <= 10^12, stdin contains a space-separated list of integers, and k is even
    if (n % 2) :
        max_k = (n ** 2 - 1) // 2
    else :
        max_k = n ** 2 // 2
    #State: *`n` is an integer such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5 and `k` is an even integer such that 0 <= k <= 10^12, stdin contains a space-separated list of integers. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is an integer such that (n^2 - 1) // 2. If `n` is even, `max_k` is an integer such that 1/2 * n^2 <= max_k <= 1/2 * (2 * 10^5)^2.
    if (max_k < k) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: 0 and 0. Both values are integers and are returned simultaneously.
    #State: *`n` is an integer such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5, `k` is an even integer such that 0 <= k <= 10^12, stdin contains a space-separated list of integers. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is an integer such that (n^2 - 1) // 2. If `n` is even, `max_k` is an integer such that 1/2 * n^2 <= max_k <= 1/2 * (2 * 10^5)^2. `max_k` is larger than or equal to `k`
    return n, k
    #The program returns two values: `n`, which is an integer between 1 and 2 * 10^5 (inclusive), and `k`, which is an even integer between 0 and 10^12 (inclusive). Additionally, if `n` is odd, `k` is less than or equal to (n^2 - 1) // 2, and if `n` is even, `k` is less than or equal to 1/2 * n^2.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes two integers, `n` and `k`, as input, where `n` is between 1 and 2 * 10^5 (inclusive) and `k` is between 0 and 10^12 (inclusive). It checks if `k` is even and if `k` is within a certain range based on `n`. If `k` is odd or exceeds the maximum allowed value based on `n`, the function returns two zeros. Otherwise, it returns the original `n` and `k` values. The function effectively filters or validates the input values based on these conditions.

#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: l is a list of integers
    print('YES')
    #This is printed: YES
    for i in l:
        print(i, end=' ')
        
    #State: 'YES' is being printed, and l is a list of integers that has been exhausted, and i is the last integer in the list.
    print()
    #This is printed: YES
    return
    #The program returns nothing, 'YES' has been printed, and list 'l' is exhausted, and 'i' is the last integer in the list.

#Overall this is what the function does:Prints 'YES' followed by the elements of the input list 'l', exhausting the list, and returns nothing.

#Function 4:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are integers such that n is non-negative and k is non-negative, and they are the result of a function func_2() that presumably reads input from somewhere.
    n, k = func_2()
    if (n == 0) :
        print('NO')
        #This is printed: NO
        return
        #The program returns nothing, as the return statement is empty. The current state of the program remains unchanged, with 'n' still being 0 and 'NO' still being printed. The values of 'n' and 'k' remain as non-negative integers, but their specific values are not affected by the empty return statement.
    #State: *`n` and `k` are non-negative integers, and they are the result of a function `func_2()` that presumably reads input from somewhere. `n` is larger than 0
    l = func_1(n, k)
    func_3(l)
    return
    #The program returns nothing, as there is no value or variable specified in the return statement. The values of n, k, and l remain unchanged, with n being a non-negative integer greater than 0, k being a non-negative integer, and l being the result of the function func_1(n, k).

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes two non-negative integers `n` and `k` as input, which are presumably obtained from a function `func_2()`. If `n` is 0, it prints 'NO' and returns without modifying the input values. If `n` is greater than 0, it calls another function `func_1(n, k)` to obtain a value `l`, and then calls a third function `func_3(l)` without returning any value. In both cases, the input values `n` and `k` remain unchanged.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

