
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Let's call the Manhattan value of a permutation^{\dagger} p the value of the
expression |p_1 - 1| + |p_2 - 2| + \ldots + |p_n - n| .

For example, for the permutation [1, 2, 3] , the Manhattan value is |1 - 1| +
|2 - 2| + |3 - 3| = 0 , and for the permutation [3, 1, 2] , the Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

You are given integers n and k . Find a permutation p of length n such that
its Manhattan value is equal to k , or determine that no such permutation
exists.

^{\dagger} A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct
integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a
permutation, but [1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array),
and [1,3,4] is also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^{4} ) — the number of test cases. The description
of the test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \le n \le 2
\cdot 10^{5}, 0 \le k \le 10^{12} ) — the length of the permutation and the
required Manhattan value.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^{5} .

Output

For each test case, if there is no suitable permutation, output "No".
Otherwise, in the first line, output "Yes", and in the second line, output n
distinct integers p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n (1 \le p_i \le n ) — a suitable
permutation.

If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

You can output the answer in any case (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes",
"Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as a positive answer).

Example

Input

    8
    
    3 4
    
    4 5
    
    7 0
    
    1 1000000000000
    
    8 14
    
    112 777
    
    5 12
    
    5 2

Output

    Yes
    3 1 2
    No
    Yes
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7
    No
    Yes
    8 2 3 4 5 6 1 7
    No
    Yes
    5 4 3 1 2
    Yes
    2 1 3 4 5
    
Note

In the first test case, the permutation [3, 1, 2] is suitable, its Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

In the second test case, it can be proven that there is no permutation of
length 4 with a Manhattan value of 5 .

In the third test case, the permutation [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] is suitable, its
Manhattan value is |1-1|+|2-2|+|3-3|+|4-4|+|5-5|+|6-6|+|7-7|=0 .

# Annotated Functions:
T = int(input())
for i in range(T):
    func_6()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer.
    k = k // 2
    l = list(range(1, n + 1))
    c = 0
    for i in range(n, -1, -2):
        c += 1
        
        if k == 0:
            return l
        
        if k < i - 1:
            return func_2(c, k, l)
        
        k = k - i + 1
        
        l = func_3(c, l)
        
    #State: Output State: n is a positive integer, k is a non-negative integer equal to its original value divided by 2, l is a list of integers from 1 to n, c is 0

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes a positive integer n and a non-negative integer k as input, modifies k by dividing it by 2, and generates a list of integers from 1 to n. It then iterates through the list in reverse order, incrementing a counter c and potentially modifying the list and k based on certain conditions. The function may return the list at various points during the iteration, either directly or by calling other functions (func_2 and func_3), and ultimately returns the modified list. The function's purpose is to transform the input list and integers based on the given conditions and return the resulting list.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c and k are non-negative integers, l is a list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, and c+k < len(l).
    x, y = l[-c], l[-c - k]
    l[-c], l[-c - k] = y, x
    return l
    #The program returns a list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, where the values at indices -c and -c-k have been swapped, and c+k < len(l).

#Overall this is what the function does:Swaps the values at the last c and last c+k indices of a list of distinct integers from 1 to n, returning the modified list.

#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c is a positive integer and l is a list of integers such that c <= len(l) and the elements of l are distinct integers from 1 to len(l) in arbitrary order.
    x, y = l[-c], l[c - 1]
    l[c - 1], l[-c] = x, y
    return l
    #The program returns list 'l' of integers with distinct integers from 1 to len(l) in arbitrary order, but the values at indices c-1 and -c have been swapped, where c is a positive integer and c <= len(l).

#Overall this is what the function does:Swaps the elements at indices c-1 and -c in a list of distinct integers, returning the modified list.

#Function 4:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are non-negative integers, n is the length of a permutation and k is the required Manhattan value.
    n, k = map(int, input().split())
    if (k % 2) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: the first value is 0, which is an integer, and the second value is also 0, which is an integer.
    #State: `n` and `k` are non-negative integers, `n` is assigned the first integer from the input and `k` is assigned the second integer from the input, stdin contains no input, and `k` is even
    if (n % 2) :
        max_k = (n ** 2 - 1) // 2
    else :
        max_k = n ** 2 // 2
    #State: *`n` and `k` are non-negative integers, stdin contains no input, and `k` is even. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is an integer equal to `(n + k) / 2`. If `n` is even, `max_k` is equal to `n` squared divided by 2.
    if (max_k < k) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: 0 and 0. Both values are integers and are equal to zero. No variables are returned, only literal values. The values of `n`, `k`, and `max_k` are not affected by the return statement and remain unchanged.
    #State: *`n` and `k` are non-negative integers, stdin contains no input, and `k` is even. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is an integer equal to `(n + k) / 2`. If `n` is even, `max_k` is equal to `n` squared divided by 2. `max_k` is larger than or equal to `k`
    return n, k
    #The program returns two non-negative integers, `n` and `k`, where `k` is even, and `n` can be either odd or even. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is an integer equal to `(n + k) / 2`, otherwise, `max_k` is equal to `n` squared divided by 2, and `max_k` is larger than or equal to `k`.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function determines whether a given Manhattan value (k) is achievable for a permutation of a given length (n). It takes two non-negative integers, n and k, as input and returns two values. If k is odd or exceeds the maximum possible Manhattan value for the given n, the function returns (0, 0). Otherwise, it returns the original input values (n, k).

#Function 5:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: l is a list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, where n is the length of the list.
    print('YES')
    #This is printed: YES
    for i in l:
        print(i, end=' ')
        
    #State: Output State: The list l remains unchanged, still containing distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, where n is the length of the list, and the numbers from 1 to n have been printed in arbitrary order, separated by spaces, followed by 'YES'.
    print()
    #This is printed: a sequence of numbers from 1 to n, in arbitrary order, separated by spaces, followed by 'YES' (where n is the length of the list l)
    return
    #The program returns nothing, as there is no explicit return statement, and the list l remains unchanged, still containing distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, where n is the length of the list, and the numbers from 1 to n have been printed in arbitrary order, separated by spaces, followed by 'YES'.

#Overall this is what the function does:Prints the input list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, separated by spaces, followed by 'YES', without modifying the original list.

#Function 6:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer.
    n, k = func_4()
    if (n == 0) :
        print('NO')
        #This is printed: NO
        return
        #The program returns nothing because there is no value or variable specified in the return statement. The current state of the program remains unchanged, with 'n' being 0 and 'NO' being printed. The values of 'n' and 'k' returned by the function 'func_4()' are not affected by this empty return statement.
    #State: *`n` and `k` are returned by the function `func_4()`, and `n` is not equal to 0
    l = func_1(n, k)
    func_5(l)
    return
    #The program returns the return value of func_1(n, k), where n is not equal to 0 and n and k are returned by the function func_4().

#Overall this is what the function does:This function determines whether a certain condition is met based on the values of `n` and `k` returned by `func_4()`. If `n` is 0, it prints 'NO' and returns without modifying the state of the program. If `n` is not 0, it calls `func_1(n, k)` and `func_5(l)`, and returns the value returned by `func_1(n, k)`.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

