
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Sasha decided to give his girlfriend the best handbag, but unfortunately for
Sasha, it is very expensive. Therefore, Sasha wants to earn it. After looking
at earning tips on the internet, he decided to go to the casino.

Sasha knows that the casino operates under the following rules. If Sasha
places a bet of y coins (where y is a positive integer), then in case of
winning, he will receive y \cdot k coins (i.e., his number of coins will
increase by y \cdot (k - 1) ). And in case of losing, he will lose the entire
bet amount (i.e., his number of coins will decrease by y ).

Note that the bet amount must always be a positive (> 0 ) integer and cannot
exceed Sasha's current number of coins.

Sasha also knows that there is a promotion at the casino: he cannot lose more
than x times in a row.

Initially, Sasha has a coins. He wonders whether he can place bets such that
he is guaranteed to win any number of coins. In other words, is it true that
for any integer n , Sasha can make bets so that for any outcome that does not
contradict the rules described above, at some moment of time he will have at
least n coins.

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 1000 ) — the number of test cases. The description of
the test cases follows.

The single line of each test case contains three integers k, x and a (2 \leq k
\leq 30 , 1 \leq x \leq 100 , 1 \leq a \leq 10^9 ) — the number of times the
bet is increased in case of a win, the maximum number of consecutive losses,
and the initial number of coins Sasha has.

Output

For each test case, output "YES" (without quotes) if Sasha can achieve it and
"NO" (without quotes) otherwise.

You can output "YES" and "NO" in any case (for example, the strings "yEs",
"yes" and "Yes" will be recognized as a positive answer).

Example

Input

    9
    
    2 1 7
    
    2 1 1
    
    2 3 15
    
    3 3 6
    
    4 4 5
    
    5 4 7
    
    4 88 1000000000
    
    25 69 231
    
    13 97 18806

Output

    YES
    NO
    YES
    NO
    NO
    YES
    NO
    NO
    NO
    
Note

In the first test case, Sasha can proceed as follows:

  * If Sasha places a bet for the first time or if he won the previous bet, then he places 1 coin.
  * If Sasha lost the previous bet, then he places 2 coins.

Note that Sasha cannot lose more than once in a row.

It can be proven that with this strategy, Sasha can obtain as many coins as he
wants.

In the second test case, Sasha can only place 1 coin for the first time. But
in case of a loss, he will not be able to place any more bets, so he will not
be able to guarantee having as many coins as he wants.

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains multiple test cases. Each test case contains three integers k, x, and a, where k is an integer between 2 and 30 (inclusive), x is an integer between 1 and 100 (inclusive), and a is an integer between 1 and 10^9 (inclusive).
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        k, x, a = map(int, input().split())
        
        if x < k - 1:
            if a >= x + 1:
                print('YES')
            else:
                print('NO')
        elif x == k - 1:
            if a >= x + 3:
                print('YES')
            else:
                print('NO')
        else:
            z = 0
            for i in range(x + 1):
                z += z // (k - 1) + 1
            if a >= z:
                print('YES')
            else:
                print('NO')
        
    #State: `t` is an integer between 0 and 29 (inclusive), `_` is equal to `t`, `k`, `x`, `a` are integers assigned values from the input, stdin is empty. If `x` is less than `k - 1`, then 'YES' is printed if `a` is greater than or equal to `x` plus 1, otherwise 'NO' is printed. If `x` equals `k - 1`, then 'YES' is printed if `a` is greater than or equal to `x + 3`, otherwise 'NO' is printed. If `x` is greater than `k - 1`, then `z` is calculated as `x+1` plus the sum of the integer divisions of `i` by `k-1` for `i` from 0 to `x`, and 'YES' is printed if `a` is greater than or equal to `z`, otherwise 'NO' is printed.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function reads multiple test cases from standard input, where each test case consists of three integers: k, x, and a. It then checks the value of x in relation to k and prints 'YES' if a is greater than or equal to a calculated value based on x and k, otherwise it prints 'NO'. The calculated value is x+1 if x is less than k-1, x+3 if x equals k-1, or a more complex calculation involving the sum of integer divisions if x is greater than k-1. The function processes all test cases and empties the standard input.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

