
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Two players are playing an online card game. The game is played using a
32-card deck. Each card has a suit and a rank. There are four suits: clubs,
diamonds, hearts, and spades. We will encode them with characters 'C', 'D',
'H', and 'S', respectively. And there are 8 ranks, in increasing order: '2',
'3', '4', '5', '6', '7', '8', '9'.

Each card is denoted by two letters: its rank and its suit. For example, the 8
of Hearts is denoted as 8H.

At the beginning of the game, one suit is chosen as the trump suit.

In each round, players make moves like this: the first player places one of
his cards on the table, and the second player must beat this card with one of
their cards. After that, both cards are moved to the discard pile.

A card can beat another card if both cards have the same suit and the first
card has a higher rank than the second. For example, 8S can beat 4S.
Additionally, a trump card can beat any non-trump card, regardless of the rank
of the cards, for example, if the trump suit is clubs ('C'), then 3C can beat
9D. Note that trump cards can be beaten only by the trump cards of higher
rank.

There were n rounds played in the game, so the discard pile now contains 2n
cards. You want to reconstruct the rounds played in the game, but the cards in
the discard pile are shuffled. Find any possible sequence of n rounds that
might have been played in the game.

Input

The first line contains integer t (1 \le t \le 100 ) — the number of test
cases. Then t test cases follow.

The first line of a test case contains the integer number n (1\le n\le 16 ).

The second line of a test case contains one character, the trump suit. It is
one of "CDHS".

The third line of a test case contains the description of 2n cards. Each card
is described by a two-character string, the first character is the rank of the
card, which is one of "23456789", and the second one is the suit of the card,
which is one of "CDHS". All cards are different.

Output

For each test case print the answer to it:

  * Print n lines. In each line, print the description of two cards, in the same format as in the input: the first card that was played by the first player, and then the card that was used by the second player to beat it.
  * If there is no solution, print a single line "IMPOSSIBLE".

If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.

Example

Input

    8
    
    3
    
    S
    
    3C 9S 4C 6D 3S 7S
    
    2
    
    C
    
    3S 5D 9S 6H
    
    1
    
    H
    
    6C 5D
    
    1
    
    S
    
    7S 3S
    
    1
    
    H
    
    9S 9H
    
    1
    
    S
    
    9S 9H
    
    1
    
    C
    
    9D 8H
    
    2
    
    C
    
    9C 9S 6H 8C

Output

    3C 4C
    6D 9S
    3S 7S
    IMPOSSIBLE
    IMPOSSIBLE
    3S 7S
    9S 9H
    9H 9S
    IMPOSSIBLE
    6H 9C
    9S 8C

# Annotated Program:
for _ in range(int(input())):
    func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains an integer t (1 ≤ t ≤ 100), followed by t test cases. Each test case consists of three lines: an integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 16), a character (one of "CDHS"), and 2n two-character strings (each string consists of one of "23456789" followed by one of "CDHS").
    input()
    trump = input()
    trumps = []
    answers = []
    suits = {'C': None, 'D': None, 'H': None, 'S': None}
    for card in input().split():
        rank, suit = card
        
        if suit == trump:
            trumps.append(rank)
        elif suits[suit] is not None:
            answers.append(' '.join([(x + suit) for x in sorted([suits[suit], rank])]))
            suits[suit] = None
        else:
            suits[suit] = rank
        
    #State: stdin contains 0 test cases, trump is a character (one of "CDHS"), trumps is a list containing the rank of all cards in the input().split() if the suit of the card is equal to trump, answers is a list containing strings that are the concatenation of the suit of the card and the minimum of the rank of the card and the previous rank of the suit of the card if the suit of the card is not equal to trump and the previous rank of the suit of the card is not None, otherwise answers contains strings that are the concatenation of the suit of the card and the rank of the card, suits is a dictionary with keys 'C', 'D', 'H', 'S' and the value of suits[suit] is None, rank is the rank of the last card in the input().split(), and suit is the suit of the last card in the input().split().
    for (suit, rank) in suits.items():
        if rank is None:
            continue
        
        if trumps != []:
            answers.append(f'{rank}{suit} {trumps.pop()}{trump}')
        else:
            print('IMPOSSIBLE')
            return
        
    #State: stdin contains 0 test cases, trump is a character (one of "CDHS"), trumps is an empty list, answers is a list containing strings that are the concatenation of the suit of the card and the minimum of the rank of the card and the previous rank of the suit of the card if the suit of the card is not equal to trump and the previous rank of the suit of the card is not None, otherwise answers contains strings that are the concatenation of the suit of the card and the rank of the card, with additional strings that are the concatenation of the rank of the last card in trumps, the trump suit, the suit of the card and the trump suit, suits is a dictionary with keys 'C', 'D', 'H', 'S' and the value of suits[suit] is not None.
    trumps = sorted(trumps)
    while trumps != []:
        print(f'{trumps.pop()}{trump} {trumps.pop()}{trump}')
        
    #State: trumps is an empty list, stdin contains 0 test cases, trump is a character (one of "CDHS"), answers is a list containing strings that are the concatenation of the suit of the card and the minimum of the rank of the card and the previous rank of the suit of the card if the suit of the card is not equal to trump and the previous rank of the suit of the card is not None, otherwise answers contains strings that are the concatenation of the suit of the card and the rank of the card, with additional strings that are the concatenation of the rank of the last card in trumps, the trump suit, the suit of the card and the trump suit, suits is a dictionary with keys 'C', 'D', 'H', 'S' and the value of suits[suit] is not None.
    for answer in answers:
        print(answer)
        
    #State: trumps is an empty list, stdin contains 0 test cases, trump is a character (one of "CDHS"), answers is an empty list, suits is a dictionary with keys 'C', 'D', 'H', 'S' and the value of suits[suit] is not None, and all elements in the list answers have been printed.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function processes a series of test cases from standard input, where each test case consists of a trump suit and a set of cards. It then generates a list of answers, which are pairs of cards that can be played together, and prints them out. If there are any cards left over that cannot be paired, it prints an error message. The function also handles the case where there are no more test cases to process.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

