
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
This is an interactive problem.

Fox gave Cat two positive integers n and k . She has a hidden array a_1,
\ldots , a_n of length n , such that 1 \leq a_i \leq n for every i . Now they
are going to play the following game:

For any two integers l, r such that 1 \leq l \leq r \leq n , define f(l, r) =
(r - l + 1) \cdot \max\limits_{x=l}^r a_x . In other words, f(l, r) is equal
to the maximum of the subarray a_l, \ldots, a_r multiplied by its size.

Cat can ask Fox at most 2 n questions about the array. He will tell her two
integers l and x (1 \leq l \leq n, 1 \leq x \leq 10^9 ), and she will tell him
one integer p as the answer — the smallest positive integer r such that f(l,
r) = x , or n+1 if no such r exists.

Now, Cat needs to find the largest value m such that there exists a sequence
c_1, \ldots, c_{k-1} such that 1 \leq c_1 < \ldots < c_{k-1} < n and f(1, c_1)
= f(c_1 + 1, c_2) = \ldots = f(c_{k-1}+1, n) = m . If no such m exists, he
should indicate this and take -1 as the answer. Note that for k = 1 , m is
always equal to f(1, n) .

In other words, the goal is to find the largest m such that you can split the
array into exactly k subarrays (k is the constant given to you in the
beginning of the interaction) so that all the subarrays have the product of
their length and their maximum equal to m , or determine that no such m
exists. Every element should belong in exactly one of the subarrays.

Cat doesn't know what he should do, so he asked you to play the game for him.

Interaction

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^3 ) — the number of test cases. The description of
the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains two positive integers n and k (1
\leq k \leq n \leq 10^4 ) — the length of the hidden array and the number of
subarrays in the desired split.

Now you are allowed to make queries in the following way — print one line of
the form "\mathtt{?} \ l \ x " (it must hold that 1 \leq l \leq n , 1 \leq x
\leq 10^9 ) and you will receive the smallest integer r such that l \leq r
\leq n and f(l, r) = x , or n + 1 if no such r exists.

If you want to print the answer, output "\mathtt{!} \ m " and you will recieve
1 if your answer is correct and -1 otherwise. In the first case, the
interaction continues with the next test case. Note that printing the answer
doesn't count towards the number of queries made. Please note that you don't
receive the values for the next test case immediately, you will first have to
read whether your answer to the last test case was correct.

If you receive the integer -1 at any moment, it means your program has made an
invalid query, exceeded the query limit, or gave an incorrect answer. Your
program must terminate immediately to receive a Wrong Answer verdict.
Otherwise, you can get an arbitrary verdict because your solution will
continue to read from a closed stream.

After printing a query, do not forget to output end of line and flush the
output. Otherwise, you will get Idleness limit exceeded. To do this, use:

  * fflush(stdout) or cout.flush() in C++; 
  * System.out.flush() in Java; 
  * flush(output) in Pascal; 
  * stdout.flush() in Python; 
  * see documentation for other languages. 

It is guaranteed that the total sum of n over the test cases won't exceed 10^4
.

Hacks

The format of the hacks should be the following: the first line should contain
one integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^3 ) — the number of test cases. The
description of the test cases should follow.

The first line of each test case should contain two integers n and k (1 \leq k
\leq n \leq 10^4 ) — the length of the array a and the number of subarrays you
want to split it into.

The second line should contain n integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n (1 \leq a_i
\leq n ).

The sum of n over all test cases should not exceed 10^4 .

Example

Input

Copy

    3
    1 1
    
    1
    2 2
    
    1
    
    3
    
    1
    6 3
    
    7
    
    2
    
    3
    
    6
    
    1

Output

Copy

    ! 1
    
    ? 1 1
    
    ? 2 1
    
    ! -1
    
    ? 1 9
    
    ? 1 6
    
    ? 3 6
    
    ? 4 6
    
    ! 6

Note

The hidden arrays in the three testcases are [1] , [1, 2] and [1, 3, 6, 1, 2,
1] . In the second testcase, no split satisfies the constraints, so the answer
is -1 .

The answer for the first query of the third testcase is 7 since no valid r
exists. For the second query of the third testcase, since 2 \cdot \max(1, 3) =
6 , we will get 2 as the answer, since r = 1 doesn't satisfy the constraint.

The sample interaction guessed all three answers (1, -1 and 6 ) correctly, so
it received 1 after each answer.

# Annotated Functions:
import sys

input = sys.stdin.readline
for _ in range(int(input())):
    func_5()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains a space-separated list of integers.
    return list(map(int, input().split()))
    #The program returns a list of integers that were in the space-separated list in stdin.

#Overall this is what the function does:Reads a space-separated list of integers from standard input and returns them as a list of integers.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains one input: an integer.
    return int(input())
    #The program returns an integer that was provided as input from stdin.

#Overall this is what the function does:Reads an integer from standard input and returns it as an integer value.

#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains one input: a space-separated list of integers.
    return map(int, input().split())
    #The program returns a map object that contains a list of integers, where each integer is a value from the input space-separated list of integers from stdin.

#Overall this is what the function does:The function reads a space-separated list of integers from standard input, converts each integer to an integer type, and returns a map object containing the list of integers.

#Function 4:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: No precondition can be determined for this function as it only reads and returns input from the user without any specific constraints or expectations on the input format or content.
    return input().strip()
    #The program returns a string that is the user's input, stripped of leading and trailing whitespace.

#Overall this is what the function does:The function reads user input, removes leading and trailing whitespace, and returns the resulting string.

#Function 5:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are positive integers such that 1 <= k <= n <= 10^4.
    n, k = func_3()
    v = 1
    for i in range(n, 0, -1):
        print(f'? 1 {i * n}', flush=True)
        
        v = func_2()
        
        if v == n:
            v = i
            break
        
    #State: Output State: n and k are positive integers such that 1 <= k <= n <= 10^4, v is the smallest integer i such that i * n >= n.
    for i in range(1, n // k + 1):
        cnt, l = k, 1
        
        while cnt and l < n + 1:
            print(f'? {l} {i * v}', flush=True)
            l = func_2() + 1
            cnt -= 1
        
        if cnt == 0 and l == n + 1:
            print(f'! {i * v}', flush=True)
            func_2()
            return
        
    #State: Output State: The loop will execute for a total of n // k iterations, and in each iteration, it will print n // k number of lines in the format '? l i * v' where l ranges from 1 to n // k + 1. After each iteration, it will print a line in the format '! i * v' and then call func_2() and return. The final output state will be the last printed line '! i * v' where i is the last value of the loop variable, which is n // k.
    print('! -1', flush=True)
    #This is printed: ! -1
    func_2()
    return
    #The program returns nothing, and the last printed line is '! -1'

#Overall this is what the function does:This function determines the smallest integer i such that i * n >= n, where n is a positive integer, and then iterates from 1 to n // k, printing lines in the format '? l i * v' and '! i * v' for each iteration. If the loop completes without finding a match, it prints '! -1' and returns without a value. The function performs a series of print statements and function calls, but does not modify or return any values.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

