
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
[Proof Geometric Construction Can Solve All Love Affairs -
manbo-p](https://soundcloud.com/alice-law-314125270/manbo-p-proof-geometric-
construction-can-solve-all-love-affairs)

⠀

This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference between the two
versions is the constraint on y . In this version 0 \leq y \leq n - x . You
can make hacks only if both versions are solved.

Bessie has received a birthday cake from her best friend Elsie, and it came in
the form of a regular polygon with n sides. The vertices of the cake are
numbered from 1 to n clockwise. You and Bessie are going to choose some of
those vertices to cut non-intersecting diagonals into the cake. In other
words, the endpoints of the diagonals must be part of the chosen vertices.

Bessie would only like to give out pieces of cake which result in a triangle
to keep consistency. The size of the pieces doesn't matter, and the whole cake
does not have to be separated into all triangles (other shapes are allowed in
the cake, but those will not be counted).

Bessie has already chosen x of those vertices that can be used to form
diagonals. She wants you to choose no more than y other vertices such that the
number of triangular pieces of cake she can give out is maximized.

What is the maximum number of triangular pieces of cake Bessie can give out?

Input

The first line contains a single integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^4 ) — the number
of test cases.

The first line of each test case consists of three integers, n , x , and y (4
\leq n \leq 10^9 , 2 \leq x \leq \min(n, 2 \cdot 10^5) , 0 \leq y \leq n - x )
— the number of sides of the polygon, number of vertices Bessie has chosen,
and the maximum number of other vertices you can choose.

The second line consists of x distinct integers from 1 to n , representing the
vertices Bessie has chosen.

It is guaranteed the sum of x over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot 10^5
.

Output

For each test case, output a single integer: the maximum number of non-
intersecting triangular pieces of cake she can give out.

Example

Input

    3
    
    8 4 2
    
    1 6 2 5
    
    7 3 1
    
    6 4 3
    
    4 2 2
    
    1 3

Output

    6
    5
    2
    
Note

In test cases 1 , 2 and 3 , you can get 6 , 5 and 2 non-intersecting
triangular pieces of cake, respectively. A possible construction is shown in
the following pictures:

The green dots represent vertices that Bessie chose, the yellow dots represent
vertices that you chose, the blue lines represent diagonals that are drawn,
and the red numbers represent triangles that are counted.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/13b28beb7f5f0d100798f357f58c804c5314c869.png)

# Annotated Program:
if __name__ == '__main__':
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains t test cases. Each test case contains two lines. The first line contains three integers n, x, and y (4 <= n <= 10^9, 2 <= x <= min(n, 2 * 10^5), 0 <= y <= n - x). The second line contains x distinct integers from 1 to n.
    n, x, y = map(int, input().split())
    a = list(map(int, input().split()))
    a = [(num - 1) for num in a]
    a.sort()
    present = set(a)
    ans = x - 2
    for i in range(x):
        t1 = (a[i] + 1) % n
        
        t2 = (a[i] + 2) % n
        
        if t1 not in present and t2 in present:
            ans += 1
        
    #State: n is an integer between 4 and 10^9, x is an integer between 2 and min(n, 2 * 10^5), y is an integer between 0 and n - x, a is a sorted list of x distinct integers from 0 to n - 1, present is a set of x distinct integers from 0 to n - 1, i is x - 1, t1 is an integer between 1 and n - 1, t2 is an integer between 2 and n - 1, ans is an integer equal to x - 1 + (x - 2) if t1 is not in the set present and t2 is in the set present, otherwise ans is an integer equal to x - 2 + (x - 2), stdin contains t - 1 test cases.
    gaps = []
    for i in range(x):
        next_elem = a[(i + 1) % x] + (n if i == x - 1 else 0)
        
        gap = next_elem - a[i] - 1
        
        if gap > 0:
            gaps.append(gap)
        
    #State: `n` is an integer between 4 and 10^9, `x` is an integer greater than 0, `y` is an integer between 0 and `n - x`, `a` is a sorted list of `x` distinct integers from 0 to `n - 1`, `present` is a set of `x` distinct integers from 0 to `n - 1`, `i` is `x - 1`, `t1` is an integer between 1 and `n - 1`, `t2` is an integer between 2 and `n - 1`, `ans` is an integer equal to `x - 1 + (x - 2)` if `t1` is not in the set `present` and `t2` is in the set `present`, otherwise `ans` is an integer equal to `x - 2 + (x - 2)`, `gaps` is a list containing `x` integers, each integer is equal to `next_elem - a[i] - 1`, and `stdin` contains `t - 1` test cases.
    gaps.sort()
    for gap in gaps:
        pairs = gap // 2
        
        if y >= pairs:
            ans += gap
            y -= pairs
        else:
            ans += 2 * y
            break
        
    #State: n is an integer between 4 and 10^9, x is an integer greater than 0, y is an integer between 0 and n - x, a is a sorted list of x distinct integers from 0 to n - 1, present is a set of x distinct integers from 0 to n - 1, i is x - 1, t1 is an integer between 1 and n - 1, t2 is an integer between 2 and n - 1, gaps is an empty list, stdin contains t - 1 test cases if y is greater than or equal to pairs, otherwise stdin contains t - (number of iterations) test cases. If y is greater than or equal to pairs, then ans is an integer equal to its original value plus the sum of all gaps, y is an integer equal to its original value minus the sum of all pairs. Otherwise, ans is an integer equal to its original value plus 2 * y, and stdin contains t - (number of iterations) test cases.
    print(ans)
    #This is printed: ans (where ans is the updated value of ans after the conditional update, which is either ans + sum of all gaps if y >= pairs, or ans + 2 * y otherwise)

#Overall this is what the function does:This function calculates the maximum number of pairs that can be formed from a given set of integers, considering the constraints of the problem. It takes as input the number of test cases, the number of integers in each test case, and the integers themselves. It then calculates the maximum number of pairs that can be formed by considering the gaps between the integers and the remaining available pairs. The function prints the maximum number of pairs that can be formed for each test case.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

