
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Let's call the Manhattan value of a permutation^{\dagger} p the value of the
expression |p_1 - 1| + |p_2 - 2| + \ldots + |p_n - n| .

For example, for the permutation [1, 2, 3] , the Manhattan value is |1 - 1| +
|2 - 2| + |3 - 3| = 0 , and for the permutation [3, 1, 2] , the Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

You are given integers n and k . Find a permutation p of length n such that
its Manhattan value is equal to k , or determine that no such permutation
exists.

^{\dagger} A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct
integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a
permutation, but [1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array),
and [1,3,4] is also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^{4} ) — the number of test cases. The description
of the test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \le n \le 2
\cdot 10^{5}, 0 \le k \le 10^{12} ) — the length of the permutation and the
required Manhattan value.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^{5} .

Output

For each test case, if there is no suitable permutation, output "No".
Otherwise, in the first line, output "Yes", and in the second line, output n
distinct integers p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n (1 \le p_i \le n ) — a suitable
permutation.

If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

You can output the answer in any case (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes",
"Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as a positive answer).

Example

Input

    8
    
    3 4
    
    4 5
    
    7 0
    
    1 1000000000000
    
    8 14
    
    112 777
    
    5 12
    
    5 2

Output

    Yes
    3 1 2
    No
    Yes
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7
    No
    Yes
    8 2 3 4 5 6 1 7
    No
    Yes
    5 4 3 1 2
    Yes
    2 1 3 4 5
    
Note

In the first test case, the permutation [3, 1, 2] is suitable, its Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

In the second test case, it can be proven that there is no permutation of
length 4 with a Manhattan value of 5 .

In the third test case, the permutation [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] is suitable, its
Manhattan value is |1-1|+|2-2|+|3-3|+|4-4|+|5-5|+|6-6|+|7-7|=0 .

# Annotated Functions:
T = int(input())
for i in range(T):
    func_6()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer, k is a non-negative integer
    k = k // 2
    l = list(range(1, n + 1))
    c = 0
    for i in range(n, -1, -2):
        c += 1
        
        if k == 0:
            return l
        
        if k < i - 1:
            return func_2(c, k, l)
        
        k = k - i + 1
        
        l = func_3(c, l)
        
    #State: Output State: k is 0, l is a list of integers from 1 to n, c is n/2 + 1, n is a positive integer.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes a positive integer n and a non-negative integer k as input, and returns a list of integers from 1 to n. It modifies the list by removing elements based on the value of k, and returns the modified list when k becomes 0. The function also counts the number of iterations and uses this count to modify the list further. The final state of the program is a list of integers from 1 to n, with some elements possibly removed, and a count of iterations equal to n/2 + 1.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c and k are non-negative integers, l is a list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, and c+k < len(l).
    x, y = l[-c], l[-c - k]
    l[-c], l[-c - k] = y, x
    return l
    #The program returns a list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, where the elements at indices -c and -c - k have been swapped, and c+k < len(l).

#Overall this is what the function does:This function swaps the elements at indices -c and -c - k in a list of distinct integers from 1 to n, where c and k are non-negative integers and c+k is less than the length of the list, and returns the modified list.

#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c is a positive integer, l is a list of distinct integers from 1 to len(l) in arbitrary order, and 1 <= c <= len(l) // 2.
    x, y = l[-c], l[c - 1]
    l[c - 1], l[-c] = x, y
    return l
    #The program returns list l which contains distinct integers from 1 to len(l) in arbitrary order, where the elements at indices c - 1 and -c are swapped, and 1 <= c <= len(l) // 2

#Overall this is what the function does:This function swaps the elements at indices c-1 and -c in the input list l, where c is a positive integer between 1 and half the length of the list, and returns the modified list.

#Function 4:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are non-negative integers such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5 and 0 <= k <= 10^12.
    n, k = map(int, input().split())
    if (k % 2) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: the first value is 0, and the second value is also 0. The value of `n` is still a non-negative integer between 1 and 2 * 10^5, and the value of `k` is still an odd non-negative integer between 0 and 10^12.
    #State: *`n` is a non-negative integer such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5, `k` is a non-negative integer such that 0 <= k <= 10^12, stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers, and `k` is even
    if (n % 2) :
        max_k = (n ** 2 - 1) // 2
    else :
        max_k = n ** 2 // 2
    #State: *`n` is a non-negative integer such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5, `k` is a non-negative integer such that 0 <= k <= 10^12, stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers, and `k` is even. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is an integer equal to (n^2 - 1) // 2. If `n` is even, `max_k` is an integer such that 0.5 * n^2 <= max_k <= 10^10.
    if (max_k < k) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: the first value is 0, and the second value is also 0.
    #State: *`n` is a non-negative integer such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5, `k` is a non-negative integer such that 0 <= k <= 10^12, stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers, and `k` is even. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is an integer equal to (n^2 - 1) // 2. If `n` is even, `max_k` is an integer such that 0.5 * n^2 <= max_k <= 10^10. Additionally, `max_k` is greater than or equal to `k`.
    return n, k
    #The program returns a tuple containing two values: `n` and `k`. `n` is a non-negative integer between 1 and 2 * 10^5 (inclusive), and `k` is a non-negative integer between 0 and 10^12 (inclusive). Additionally, `k` is even.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes two non-negative integers, n and k, as input and returns either a tuple containing the original values of n and k if k is even and within a certain range determined by n, or a tuple containing two zeros if k is odd or exceeds the maximum allowed value for the given n.

#Function 5:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: l is a list of distinct integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order, where n is the length of the list.
    print('YES')
    #This is printed: YES
    for i in l:
        print(i, end=' ')
        
    #State: Output State: The list l remains unchanged, and 'YES' is still being printed, but the numbers from 1 to n are printed in the order they appear in the list, separated by spaces.
    print()
    #This is printed: YES (indicating that the list l remains unchanged), followed by the numbers from 1 to n in the order they appear in the list, separated by spaces
    return
    #The program returns nothing, as there is no explicit return statement. The list l remains unchanged, and 'YES' is still being printed, but the numbers from 1 to n are printed in the order they appear in the list, separated by spaces.

#Overall this is what the function does:The function takes a list of distinct integers from 1 to n as input, prints 'YES', and then prints the numbers from 1 to n in the order they appear in the list, separated by spaces. The function does not modify the input list and does not return any value.

#Function 6:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are integers such that n > 0 and k >= 0.
    n, k = func_4()
    if (n == 0) :
        print('NO')
        #This is printed: NO
        return
        #The program returns nothing, 'n' is 0, 'k' is returned by func_4(), and 'NO' is printed
    #State: `n` and `k` are returned by `func_4()`, and `n` is not equal to 0
    l = func_1(n, k)
    func_5(l)
    return
    #The program returns the return value of func_1(n, k), where n is not equal to 0 and n and k are returned by func_4().

#Overall this is what the function does:This function determines whether to print 'NO' and return nothing, or return the result of another function (`func_1`) based on the values of `n` and `k` obtained from `func_4`. If `n` is 0, it prints 'NO' and returns without a value. If `n` is not 0, it calls `func_5` with the result of `func_1(n, k)` and then returns the result of `func_1(n, k)`.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

