
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Bernard loves visiting Rudolf, but he is always running late. The problem is
that Bernard has to cross the river on a ferry. Rudolf decided to help his
friend solve this problem.

The river is a grid of n rows and m columns. The intersection of the i -th row
and the j -th column contains the number a_{i,j} — the depth in the
corresponding cell. All cells in the first and last columns correspond to the
river banks, so the depth for them is 0 .

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/816a5df3aef86d5882f59471315c4a5e3c241fef.png)
The river may look like this.

Rudolf can choose the row (i,1), (i,2), \ldots, (i,m) and build a bridge over
it. In each cell of the row, he can install a support for the bridge. The cost
of installing a support in the cell (i,j) is a_{i,j}+1 . Supports must be
installed so that the following conditions are met:

  1. A support must be installed in cell (i,1) ; 
  2. A support must be installed in cell (i,m) ; 
  3. The distance between any pair of adjacent supports must be no more than d . The distance between supports (i, j_1) and (i, j_2) is |j_1 - j_2| - 1 . 

Building just one bridge is boring. Therefore, Rudolf decided to build k
bridges on consecutive rows of the river, that is, to choose some i (1 \le i
\le n - k + 1 ) and independently build a bridge on each of the rows i, i + 1,
\ldots, i + k - 1 . Help Rudolf minimize the total cost of installing
supports.

Input

The first line contains a single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^3) — the number of
test cases. The descriptions of the test cases follow.

The first line of each test case contains four integers n , m , k , and d (1
\le k \le n \le 100 , 3 \le m \le 2 \cdot 10^5 , 1 \le d \le m ) — the number
of rows and columns of the field, the number of bridges, and the maximum
distance between supports.

Then follow n lines, i -th line contains m positive integers a_{i, j} (0 \le
a_{i, j} \le 10^6 , a_{i, 1} = a_{i, m} = 0 ) — the depths of the river cells.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n \cdot m for all sets of input data does not
exceed 2 \cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single number — the minimum total cost of
supports installation.

Example

Input

    5
    
    3 11 1 4
    
    0 1 2 3 4 5 4 3 2 1 0
    
    0 1 2 3 2 1 2 3 3 2 0
    
    0 1 2 3 5 5 5 5 5 2 0
    
    4 4 2 1
    
    0 3 3 0
    
    0 2 1 0
    
    0 1 2 0
    
    0 3 3 0
    
    4 5 2 5
    
    0 1 1 1 0
    
    0 2 2 2 0
    
    0 2 1 1 0
    
    0 3 2 1 0
    
    1 8 1 1
    
    0 10 4 8 4 4 2 0
    
    4 5 3 2
    
    0 8 4 4 0
    
    0 3 4 8 0
    
    0 8 1 10 0
    
    0 10 1 5 0

Output

    4
    8
    4
    15
    14
    
Note

In the first test case, it is most profitable to build a bridge on the second
row.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/6b5282a065196a0a0ca650a68a351af816de8549.png)
It is not a top view, but side view: gray cells — bridge itself, white cells
are empty, black cells — supports, blue cells — water, brown cells — river
bottom.

In the second test case, it is most profitable to build bridges on the second
and third rows. The supports will be placed in cells (2, 3) , (3, 2) , and on
the river banks.

In the third test case the supports can be placed along the river banks.

# Annotated Program:
from heapq import heapify, heappop, heappush

if __name__ == '__main__':
    for _ in range(int(input())):
        func_2()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: row is a list of non-negative integers, d is a non-negative integer such that 0 <= d < len(row) - 2.
    row[0] = 1
    for i in range(1, d):
        row[i] = row[i] + 2
        
    #State: `row` is a list of non-negative integers where the first element is 1, and each subsequent element is increased by 2 from its original value, `d` is greater than or equal to `len(row) - 2`, `i` is `d - 1`.
    min_heap = [(e, i) for i, e in enumerate(row[:d])]
    heapify(min_heap)
    for i in range(d, len(row)):
        while (e := heappop(min_heap))[1] <= i - (d + 2):
            pass
        
        row[i] = e[0] + row[i] + 1
        
        heappush(min_heap, e)
        
        heappush(min_heap, (row[i], i))
        
    #State: min_heap is a list of tuples where the first element of each tuple is an integer from the list row and the second element is the original index of that integer in row, min_heap is a valid min heap, the next element to be popped from min_heap has an index of len(row) - 1, row is a list of non-negative integers where the first element is 1, and each subsequent element is increased by 2 from its original value except for the ith element which is increased by e[0] + 1 + 1 + ... + 1 (d - 1 times), d is equal to len(row) - 1, i is equal to len(row), e is a list of two elements where the first element is an integer and the second element is an integer, min_heap contains the tuple e, min_heap contains the tuple (row[i], i).
    return row[-1]
    #The program returns the last element of the list 'row', which is a non-negative integer that has been increased by 2 from its original value except for the ith element which is increased by e[0] + 1 + 1 + ... + 1 (d - 1 times), where d is equal to len(row) - 1, i is equal to len(row), and e is a list of two elements where the first element is an integer and the second element is an integer.


#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n, m, k, and d are positive integers, rows is a list of lists of non-negative integers, each inner list has length m and represents a row in the river grid, and d is the maximum distance between supports.
    n, m, k, d = (int(e) for e in input().split(' '))
    rows = [[int(e) for e in input().split(' ')] for _ in range(n)]
    costs = [func_1(row, d) for row in rows]
    total_costs = []
    for i in range(len(costs) - (k - 1)):
        total_costs.append(sum(costs[i:i + k]))
        
    #State: n, m, k, and d are positive integers, rows is a list of lists of non-negative integers, each inner list has length m and represents a row in the river grid, costs is a list of integers that must have at least len(costs) - (k - 1) elements, each integer is the result of func_1 applied to a row in rows and d, total_costs is a list containing the sum of all sublists of k consecutive elements of costs, i is len(costs) - (k - 1) - 1
    print(min(total_costs))
    #This is printed: the minimum sum of k consecutive costs (where costs are the results of func_1 applied to rows and d)




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

