
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Let's call the Manhattan value of a permutation^{\dagger} p the value of the
expression |p_1 - 1| + |p_2 - 2| + \ldots + |p_n - n| .

For example, for the permutation [1, 2, 3] , the Manhattan value is |1 - 1| +
|2 - 2| + |3 - 3| = 0 , and for the permutation [3, 1, 2] , the Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

You are given integers n and k . Find a permutation p of length n such that
its Manhattan value is equal to k , or determine that no such permutation
exists.

^{\dagger} A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct
integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a
permutation, but [1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array),
and [1,3,4] is also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^{4} ) — the number of test cases. The description
of the test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \le n \le 2
\cdot 10^{5}, 0 \le k \le 10^{12} ) — the length of the permutation and the
required Manhattan value.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^{5} .

Output

For each test case, if there is no suitable permutation, output "No".
Otherwise, in the first line, output "Yes", and in the second line, output n
distinct integers p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n (1 \le p_i \le n ) — a suitable
permutation.

If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

You can output the answer in any case (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes",
"Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as a positive answer).

Example

Input

    8
    
    3 4
    
    4 5
    
    7 0
    
    1 1000000000000
    
    8 14
    
    112 777
    
    5 12
    
    5 2

Output

    Yes
    3 1 2
    No
    Yes
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7
    No
    Yes
    8 2 3 4 5 6 1 7
    No
    Yes
    5 4 3 1 2
    Yes
    2 1 3 4 5
    
Note

In the first test case, the permutation [3, 1, 2] is suitable, its Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

In the second test case, it can be proven that there is no permutation of
length 4 with a Manhattan value of 5 .

In the third test case, the permutation [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] is suitable, its
Manhattan value is |1-1|+|2-2|+|3-3|+|4-4|+|5-5|+|6-6|+|7-7|=0 .

# Annotated Functions:
T = int(input())
for i in range(T):
    func_6()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer.
    k = k // 2
    l = list(range(1, n + 1))
    c = 0
    for i in range(n, -1, -2):
        c += 1
        
        if k == 0:
            return l
        
        if k < i - 1:
            return func_2(c, k, l)
        
        k = k - i + 1
        
        l = func_3(c, l)
        
    #State: The loop has executed all iterations, and the output state is as follows: n remains unchanged, k is now 0, l is a modified list of integers, and c is a positive integer greater than or equal to 1. The loop has terminated, and the function has returned either the list l or the result of func_2(c, k, l).

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes a positive integer `n` and a non-negative integer `k` as input, modifies a list of integers `l` from 1 to `n` based on the value of `k`, and returns either the modified list `l` or the result of another function `func_2` with parameters `c`, `k`, and `l`. The function also updates the value of `k` and a counter `c` during its execution.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c and k are non-negative integers, l is a list of integers such that c + k < len(l).
    x, y = l[-c], l[-c - k]
    l[-c], l[-c - k] = y, x
    return l
    #The program returns list 'l' of integers where the values at indices -c and -c - k have been swapped, and c and k are non-negative integers such that c + k < len(l).

#Overall this is what the function does:This function swaps the values at the last 'c' and 'c+k' indices of a given list 'l' and returns the modified list, where 'c' and 'k' are non-negative integers and 'c+k' is less than the length of the list.

#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c is a positive integer, l is a list of distinct integers from 1 to len(l) in arbitrary order, and 1 <= c <= len(l) // 2.
    x, y = l[-c], l[c - 1]
    l[c - 1], l[-c] = x, y
    return l
    #The program returns a list of distinct integers from 1 to the length of the list in arbitrary order, where the elements at indices c - 1 and -c have been swapped, and c is a positive integer, and 1 <= c <= len(l) // 2.

#Overall this is what the function does:Swaps the elements at indices c-1 and -c in a list of distinct integers, where c is a positive integer not exceeding half the length of the list, and returns the modified list.

#Function 4:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer
    n, k = map(int, input().split())
    if (k % 2) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: the first value is 0, and the second value is also 0.
    #State: *`n` is a positive integer, `k` is a non-negative integer, stdin contains a space-separated list of integers, and `k` is even
    if (n % 2) :
        max_k = (n ** 2 - 1) // 2
    else :
        max_k = n ** 2 // 2
    #State: *`n` is a positive integer, `k` is a non-negative even integer, stdin contains a space-separated list of integers. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is equal to `(n+1)/2` times `k`. If `n` is even, `max_k` is equal to `2m`
    if (max_k < k) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: 0 and 0. The first 0 is an integer with no specific constraints, and the second 0 is also an integer with no specific constraints.
    #State: *`n` is a positive integer, `k` is a non-negative even integer, stdin contains a space-separated list of integers. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is equal to `(n+1)/2` times `k`. If `n` is even, `max_k` is equal to `2m`. `max_k` is larger than or equal to `k`
    return n, k
    #The program returns two values: a positive integer `n` and a non-negative even integer `k`. If `n` is odd, the maximum possible value of `k` is `(n+1)/2` times `k`. If `n` is even, the maximum possible value of `k` is `2m`. The returned `k` is larger than or equal to the original `k`.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes two integers, `n` and `k`, as input and returns either two zeros or the original `n` and `k` values, depending on the parity of `k` and the relationship between `n` and `k`. If `k` is odd, the function immediately returns two zeros. If `k` is even, the function calculates a maximum possible value for `k` based on `n` and returns two zeros if `k` exceeds this maximum value. Otherwise, the function returns the original `n` and `k` values.

#Function 5:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: l is a list of integers from 1 to n for some integer n, and contains n distinct integers.
    print('YES')
    #This is printed: YES
    for i in l:
        print(i, end=' ')
        
    #State: Output State: The list l remains unchanged, containing n distinct integers from 1 to n, and 'YES' is still being printed, but now followed by the numbers from 1 to n, each separated by a space.
    print()
    #This is printed: YES 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
    return
    #The program returns nothing, but 'YES' is printed, followed by the numbers from 1 to n, each separated by a space, and the list l remains unchanged, containing n distinct integers from 1 to n.

#Overall this is what the function does:Prints 'YES' followed by the numbers from 1 to n, each separated by a space, without modifying the input list l, which remains unchanged containing n distinct integers from 1 to n.

#Function 6:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are integers such that n > 0 and k >= 0.
    n, k = func_4()
    if (n == 0) :
        print('NO')
        #This is printed: NO
        return
        #The program returns nothing, as the return statement is empty. The current value of 'n' remains 0, and 'NO' is still being printed. The values of 'n' and 'k' are still the returned values from 'func_4()'.
    #State: `n` and `k` are returned values from `func_4()`, and `n` is not equal to 0
    l = func_1(n, k)
    func_5(l)
    return
    #The program returns nothing

#Overall this is what the function does:This function takes no parameters and returns nothing. It retrieves two integer values, n and k, from another function (func_4) and checks if n is 0. If n is 0, it prints 'NO' and ends. If n is not 0, it calls another function (func_1) with n and k as arguments, stores the result in l, and then calls a third function (func_5) with l as an argument. The function then concludes without returning any value.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

