
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
This afternoon, you decided to enjoy the first days of Spring by taking a walk
outside. As you come near the Quidditch field, you hear screams. Once again,
there is a conflict about the score: the two teams are convinced that they won
the game! To prevent this problem from happening one more time, you decide to
get involved in the refereeing of the matches.

Now, you will stay in the stadium to watch the game and count the score. At
the end of the game, you will decide the winner.

Today, two teams are competing: the red Gryffindor (R) and the blue Ravenclaw
(B) team. Each team is composed of P players (1 \leq P \leq 10 ).

The field is a rectangle of N lines and M columns (3 \leq N, M \leq 99 , N and
M are odd). All the positions are integers, and several entities are allowed
to be at the same position in the field. At the beginning of the game, the
field contains goals for the two teams (each team can own between one and five
goals), the players, and exactly one Quaffle. Other types of balls will be
available in the harder versions of the problem.

A game is composed of T steps (0 \leq T \leq 10000 ). At each step, one entity
on the field (a player or a ball) performs one action. All entities can move.
A player can also catch a ball or throw the Quaffle that it is carrying. To
catch a ball, a player must be located on the same cell as it. The Quaffle
does not perform any action while it is being carried; it only follows the
movements of the player. If a player carrying the Quaffle decides to throw it,
the Quaffle is simply put at the current position of the player.

To win a point, a player must leave the Quaffle at a goal of the other team.
When it does, the team of the player wins one point, and the Quaffle instantly
moves to the middle of the field (the cell at the (M+1)/2 -th column of the
(N+1)/2 -th line of the field, starting from 1). There is no goal in the
middle of the field. If a player puts the ball in its own goal, the other team
wins the point.

Input

On the first line, the integers N and M .

The description of the field follows: N lines of M pairs of characters
separated by spaces. Each pair of characters represents a position on the
field. It can be either:

  * .. to represent an empty cell 
  * R0, ..., R9, B0, ..., B9 to represent a player. The first character is the team of the player, and the second is the number of the player in the team. Each pair of characters is unique, but it is not guaranteed that all the pairs appear in the grid. 
  * RG or BG to represent a goal. The blue team tries to put the ball in a red goal (RG) while the red team tries to put the ball in a blue goal (BG). 
  * .Q to represent the Quaffle, which is the ball that the players use to score goals. 

The next line contains T , the number of steps that compose the game. T lines
follow, each describing one action. It contains several pieces of information
separated by a space. First, a pair of characters representing the entity that
must perform the action. Second, the description of the action:

  * U, D, L, R indicate that the entity moves on the grid. It can move to the top of the grid (U), to the bottom (D), to the left (L), or to the right (R). Each entity moves by only one cell at a time. 
  * C indicates that the player catches the ball (only a player can catch a ball). Then, there is a space followed by a pair of characters: the description of the ball caught by the player. This information is needed since in the next versions of the problem, several balls may be in the same cell. 
  * T indicates that the player throws the Quaffle that it is carrying. 

All the actions performed by the entities are guaranteed to be valid: the
players stay in the field, don't catch a ball if they are not in the same
cell, don't release the Quaffle if they are not carrying it, ...

Output

You must output the description of the main events of the game, one event per
line. More precisely:

  * Each time a team scores, you must print t RED GOAL or t BLUE GOAL, depending on the team who scored, where t is the current time (the position of the action in the list of actions, starting from 0). In the case where a player scores in the wrong goal (a red player scores in the red goal, or a blue player scores in the blue goal), you must print the name of the team who wins one point, that is, the other team. 

The events must be printed in ascending order of t.

At the end of the game, you must print the final score as: FINAL SCORE: r b,
where r is the score of the red team and b is the score of the blue team.

Examples

Input

    5 5
    
    .. R1 .. B1 ..
    
    RG .. .. .. BG
    
    RG R0 .Q B0 BG
    
    RG .. .. .. BG
    
    .. R2 .. B2 ..
    
    13
    
    B2 U
    
    B2 U
    
    B2 L
    
    B2 C .Q
    
    B2 L
    
    B2 L
    
    B2 T
    
    R0 R
    
    R0 C .Q
    
    R0 D
    
    R0 R
    
    R0 R
    
    R0 T

Output

    6 BLUE GOAL
    12 RED GOAL
    FINAL SCORE: 1 1
    
Input

    3 5
    
    .. .. R0 .. ..
    
    RG .. .Q .. BG
    
    .. .. B0 .. ..
    
    12
    
    R0 D
    
    R0 C .Q
    
    R0 R
    
    R0 T
    
    R0 D
    
    B0 R
    
    B0 U
    
    B0 C .Q
    
    B0 L
    
    B0 L
    
    B0 L
    
    B0 T

Output

    11 BLUE GOAL
    FINAL SCORE: 0 1
    
Input

    3 5
    
    .. .. R0 .. ..
    
    RG .. .Q .. BG
    
    .. .. B0 .. ..
    
    5
    
    R0 D
    
    R0 C .Q
    
    R0 L
    
    R0 L
    
    R0 T

Output

    4 BLUE GOAL
    FINAL SCORE: 0 1
    
Note

In the first example, a blue player goes to the middle of the grid, at the
position of the Quaffle. He takes it, goes to the goal of the red team, and
lets the ball there. He scores! The ball gets back to the middle of the field,
a red player takes it and scores too.

In the second example, the red player takes the Quaffle, move it and throw it.
The blue player catches the ball, goes to the red goal and scores.

In the third example, the red player takes the ball and scores in the goal of
their own team: the blue team wins a point.

# Annotated Functions:
from sys import stdin

mov = {'U': (-1, 0), 'D': (1, 0), 'L': (0, -1), 'R': (0, 1), 'T': (0, 0)}
GoalName = ['RED', 'BLUE']
func_1()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and m are odd integers such that 3 <= n, m <= 99, grid is a 2D list of strings representing the game field, elements is a dictionary mapping entity names to their positions on the grid, allPlayers is a dictionary mapping player names to a boolean indicating whether they are carrying the Quaffle, goal is a list of lists of goal positions for each team, points is a list of integers representing the scores of each team, t is a non-negative integer representing the number of steps in the game, comand is a list of strings representing the commands for each step, obj is a string representing the entity performing the action, com is a string representing the action to be performed, el is a string representing the entity being interacted with (if applicable), mov is a dictionary mapping action strings to movement vectors, GoalName is a list of strings representing the names of the teams, isPlayer is a function that takes a string and returns a boolean indicating whether it represents a player, goalIn is a function that takes a position and returns the team number of the goal at that position (or -1 if no goal is present).
    n, m = map(int, stdin.readline().strip().split())
    grid = []
    elements = {'.B': (-1, -1)}
    allPlayers = {}
    goal = [[], []]
    points = [0, 0]
    for i in range(n):
        line = stdin.readline().strip().split()
        
        grid.append(line)
        
        for ind in range(len(line)):
            if line[ind] != '..':
                elements[line[ind]] = i, ind
                if isPlayer(line[ind]):
                    allPlayers[line[ind]] = False
                elif line[ind][1] == 'G':
                    tmp = 0 if line[ind][0] == 'B' else 1
                    goal[tmp].append((i, ind))
        
    #State: Output State: n is an odd integer between 3 and 99, m is an odd integer between 3 and 99, grid is a list of n lists of strings, elements is a dictionary with key-value pairs: '.B' maps to (-1, -1), and other key-value pairs where keys are strings from the input and values are pairs of integers, allPlayers is a dictionary with key-value pairs where keys are strings from the input and values are boolean values, goal is a list of two lists of pairs of integers, points is a list of two integers: [0, 0], t is a non-negative integer, comand is a list of strings, obj is a string, com is a string, el is a string, mov is a dictionary mapping action strings to movement vectors, GoalName is a list of strings, isPlayer is a function, goalIn is a function, stdin is empty.
    t = int(stdin.readline().strip())
    for time in range(t):
        comand = stdin.readline().strip().split()
        
        if len(comand) == 3:
            obj, com, el = comand
            if el == '.Q':
                allPlayers[obj] = True
            elif el == '.S':
                team = 1 if obj[0] == 'B' else 0
                points[team] += 10
                print('%d %s CATCH GOLDEN SNITCH' % (time, GoalName[team]))
        else:
            obj, com = comand
            pos = elements[obj]
            nxt = pos[0] + mov[com][0], pos[1] + mov[com][1]
            if obj == '.B' and isPlayer(grid[nxt[0]][nxt[1]]) or isPlayer(obj
                ) and elements['.B'] == nxt:
                player = obj if isPlayer(obj) else grid[nxt[0]][nxt[1]]
                print('%d %s ELIMINATED' % (time, player))
            elif com == 'T':
                allPlayers[obj] = False
                if goalIn(pos) != -1:
                    team = goalIn(pos)
                    print('%d %s GOAL' % (time, GoalName[team]))
                    points[team] += 1
            elif isPlayer(obj):
                elements[obj] = nxt
            if obj == '.B':
                elements[obj] = nxt
        
    #State: The state of the game after t iterations, where t is the number of commands read from the input. The state includes the updated positions of the players and the ball, the points scored by each team, and the status of each player (active or eliminated). The game state is represented by the variables: elements (a dictionary mapping player and ball names to their positions), allPlayers (a dictionary mapping player names to their status), points (a list of two integers representing the points scored by each team), and GoalName (a list of two strings representing the names of the goals).
    print('FINAL SCORE: %d %d' % (points[0], points[1]))
    #This is printed: FINAL SCORE: [points[0]] [points[1]] (where points[0] and points[1] are the points scored by each team)

#Overall this is what the function does:Simulates a game of Quidditch, processing a series of commands to update the game state, including player positions, ball position, points scored, and player status (active or eliminated), and prints the final score.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: pos is a pair of integers representing a position on the field, and goal is a list of two lists of pairs of integers, where each pair represents a goal position on the field, with the first list representing the goals of the red team and the second list representing the goals of the blue team.
    res = 0 if pos in goal[0] else 1 if pos in goal[1] else -1
    return res
    #The program returns the value of 'res', which is 0 if the position 'pos' is in the goals of the red team, 1 if the position 'pos' is in the goals of the blue team, and -1 otherwise.

#Overall this is what the function does:Determines the team affiliation of a given position on a field, returning 0 if the position is a goal of the red team, 1 if it's a goal of the blue team, and -1 if it's neither.

#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: el is a string of length 2, where the first character is either 'B', 'R', or '.' and the second character is either a digit from 0 to 9, 'G', or 'Q'.
    res = (el[0] == 'B' or el[0] == 'R') and el[1] != 'G'
    return res
    #The program returns a boolean value `res` that is `True` if the first character of the string `el` is either 'B' or 'R' and the second character is not 'G', otherwise it is `False`.

#Overall this is what the function does:This function evaluates a given 2-character string `el` and returns `True` if the first character is either 'B' or 'R' and the second character is not 'G', otherwise it returns `False`.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

