
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
[Christopher Tin ft. Soweto Gospel Choir - Baba
Yetu](https://youtu.be/d4iOF4yoNQw)

ඞ

You are given a string s consisting of lowercase Latin characters. You need to
partition^\dagger this string into some substrings, such that each substring
is not a palindrome^\ddagger .

^\dagger A partition of a string s is an ordered sequence of some k strings
t_1, t_2, \ldots, t_k , such that t_1 + t_2 + \ldots + t_k = s , where + here
represents the concatenation operation.

^\ddagger A string s is considered a palindrome if it reads the same backwards
as forwards. For example, \mathtt{racecar} , \mathtt{abccba} , and \mathtt{a}
are palindromes, but \mathtt{ab} , \mathtt{dokibird} , and \mathtt{kurosanji}
are not.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer t
(1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases.

Each test case contains a string s consisting of lowercase Latin characters (1
\le |s| \le 10^6 ).

It is guaranteed that the sum of |s| over all test cases does not exceed 10^6
.

Output

For each test case, print on one line "YES" if there exists a partition of s
whose parts are not palindromes, or "NO" if there is no such partition.

If the answer is "YES", on the second line, print an integer k — the number of
parts that s needs to be partitioned to such that each part is not a
palindrome. On the third line, print k strings t_1, t_2, \ldots, t_k
representing such a partition. If there are multiple such partitions, print
any of them.

Example

Input

    3
    
    sinktheyacht
    
    lllllllll
    
    uwuowouwu

Output

    YES
    1
    sinktheyacht
    NO
    YES
    3
    uw uow ouwu
    
Note

In the first test case, since \mathtt{sinktheyacht} is already non-palindrome,
the partition [\mathtt{sinktheyacht}] is valid.

In the second test case, as any substring of the string s is palindrome, there
are no valid partitions.

In the third test case, another valid partition is [\mathtt{uw},\mathtt{uo},
\mathtt{wou}, \mathtt{wu}] .

# Annotated Program:
for _ in range(int(input())):
    func_2()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: s is a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters.
    return s == s[::-1]
    #The program returns a boolean value indicating whether the string s is a palindrome or not.


#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: s is a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters.
    s = input()
    n, x = len(s), -1
    if (func_1(s[0:]) == False) :
        print('YES')
        #This is printed: YES
        print(1)
        #This is printed: 1
        print(s)
        #This is printed: the sequence of lowercase Latin characters in the string s
        return
        #The program returns nothing because the return statement is empty. The value of s remains a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters, the value of n remains the length of s, and the value of x remains -1. The function func_1(s[0:]) remains False, 'YES' has been printed, 1 has been printed, and the string s has been printed.
    #State: *s is a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, x is -1, and func_1(s[0:]) returns True
    for i in range(1, n):
        if s[i] != s[0]:
            x = i
            break
        
    #State: Output State: *s is a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, x is the index of the first character in s that is different from the first character of s, and func_1(s[0:]) returns True
    if (x == -1) :
        print('NO')
        #This is printed: NO
        return
        #The program returns nothing, 'NO' is printed, and the value of x remains -1, indicating that no character in string s is different from the first character of s.
    #State: *s is a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, x is the index of the first character in s that is different from the first character of s, func_1(s[0:]) returns True, and x is not equal to -1
    if (func_1(s[x + 1:]) == False) :
        print('YES')
        #This is printed: YES
        print(2)
        #This is printed: 2
        print(s[:x + 1], ' ', s[x + 1:])
        #This is printed: the substring of s from the beginning to the index x + 1 (inclusive), followed by a space, and then the substring of s from the index x + 1 to the end
    else :
        if (x == 1 or x == n // 2) :
            print('NO')
            #This is printed: NO
        else :
            print('YES')
            #This is printed: YES
            print(2)
            #This is printed: 2
            print(s[:x + 2], ' ', s[x + 2:])
            #This is printed: a substring of s from the start to the index x + 2 (inclusive), followed by a space, and then a substring of s from the index x + 2 to the end of the string (where x is the index of the first character in s that is different from the first character of s)
        #State: *s is a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, x is the index of the first character in s that is different from the first character of s, func_1(s[0:]) returns True, x is not equal to -1, and func_1(s[x + 1:]) returns True. If x is either 1 or n divided by 2, 'NO' is printed. Otherwise, 'YES' is printed, 2 is printed, and the first x + 2 characters of the string s and the rest of the string s are printed.
    #State: *s is a string consisting of lowercase Latin characters, n is the length of s, x is the index of the first character in s that is different from the first character of s, func_1(s[0:]) returns True, and x is not equal to -1. If func_1(s[x + 1:]) is False, 'YES' is printed, the number 2 is printed, and the string s is printed in two parts: the first part is from the start of the string to the index x (inclusive), and the second part is from the index x + 1 to the end of the string. If func_1(s[x + 1:]) is True, then if x is either 1 or n divided by 2, 'NO' is printed. Otherwise, 'YES' is printed, 2 is printed, and the first x + 2 characters of the string s and the rest of the string s are printed.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

