
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem. The program is made of multiple functions and the program is **correct** only if all its functions together meet the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Anton got bored during the hike and wanted to solve something. He asked Kirill
if he had any new problems, and of course, Kirill had one.

You are given a permutation p of size n , and a number x that needs to be
found. A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct integers
from 1 to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a permutation, but
[1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array), and [1,3,4] is
also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

You decided that you are a cool programmer, so you will use an advanced
algorithm for the search — binary search. However, you forgot that for binary
search, the array must be sorted.

You did not give up and decided to apply this algorithm anyway, and in order
to get the correct answer, you can perform the following operation no more
than 2 times before running the algorithm: choose the indices i , j (1\le i, j
\le n ) and swap the elements at positions i and j .

After that, the binary search is performed. At the beginning of the algorithm,
two variables l = 1 and r = n + 1 are declared. Then the following loop is
executed:

  1. If r - l = 1 , end the loop 
  2. m = \lfloor \frac{r + l}{2} \rfloor 
  3. If p_m \le x , assign l = m , otherwise r = m . 

The goal is to rearrange the numbers in the permutation before the algorithm
so that after the algorithm is executed, p_l is equal to x . It can be shown
that 2 operations are always sufficient.

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 2\cdot 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. Then follow
the descriptions of the test cases.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n and x (1 \le x \le n
\le 2\cdot 10^5 ) — the length of the permutation and the number to be found.

The second line contains the permutation p separated by spaces (1 \le p_i \le
n ).

It is guaranteed that the sum of the values of n for all test cases does not
exceed 2\cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output an integer k (0 \le k \le 2 ) on the first line —
the number of operations performed by you. In the next k lines, output 2
integers i , j (1 \le i, j \le n ) separated by a space, indicating that you
are swapping the elements at positions i and j .

Note that you do not need to minimize the number of operations.

Example

Input

    5
    
    6 3
    
    1 2 3 4 5 6
    
    6 5
    
    3 1 6 5 2 4
    
    5 1
    
    3 5 4 2 1
    
    6 3
    
    4 3 1 5 2 6
    
    3 2
    
    3 2 1

Output

    0
    1
    3 4
    2
    2 4
    1 5
    2
    4 5
    2 4
    1
    1 3

# Annotated Functions:
for _ in range(int(input())):
    func_3()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: stdin contains a space-separated list of integers.
    return map(int, input().split())
    #The program returns a map object that contains a sequence of integers, where each integer is a value from the space-separated list of integers provided in the standard input (stdin).

#Overall this is what the function does:Reads a space-separated list of integers from standard input, converts each integer to an integer type, and returns a map object containing the sequence of integers.

#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: func_1 is a function that returns an iterator.
    return list(func_1())
    #The program returns a list containing all the values yielded by the iterator returned by func_1()

#Overall this is what the function does:The function takes no parameters and returns a list containing all the values yielded by the iterator returned by func_1. It effectively converts the iterator into a list, providing a collection of all values produced by func_1.

#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are positive integers, arr is a list of distinct integers from 1 to n, and k is an element in arr.
    n, k = func_1()
    arr = func_2()
    pos = -1
    for i in range(n):
        if arr[i] == k:
            pos = i
        
    #State: Output State: The value of pos is the index of k in arr, and the values of n, arr, and k remain unchanged.
    low, high = 0, n
    st = set()
    while low + 1 < high:
        mid = (low + high) // 2
        
        st.add(mid)
        
        if arr[mid] > k:
            high = mid
        else:
            low = mid
        
    #State: low is the index of k in arr, high is low + 1, st is a set of indices of elements in arr that are greater than k, pos is the index of k in arr, n, arr, and k remain unchanged.
    if (arr[low] == k) :
        print(0)
        #This is printed: 0
    else :
        print(1)
        #This is printed: 1
        print(low + 1, pos + 1)
        #This is printed: high (which is low + 1), pos + 1 (which is the index of the element after k)
    #State: *low is the index of k in arr, high is low + 1, st is a set of indices of elements in arr that are greater than k, pos is the index of k in arr, n, arr, and k remain unchanged. If the current value of arr[low] is equal to k, 0 is printed. Otherwise, 1 is printed, and low + 1 and pos + 1 are printed, where low + 1 is equal to high and pos + 1 is equal to the index of k in arr + 1.

#Overall this is what the function does:Searches for the index of a given element `k` in a sorted list `arr` of distinct integers from 1 to `n`, and prints the result. If `k` is found, prints 0. If `k` is not found, prints 1 followed by the index of the next element in `arr` that is greater than `k`, and the index of `k` in `arr` plus one. The function does not modify the input variables `n`, `arr`, and `k`.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

