
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Let's call the Manhattan value of a permutation^{\dagger} p the value of the
expression |p_1 - 1| + |p_2 - 2| + \ldots + |p_n - n| .

For example, for the permutation [1, 2, 3] , the Manhattan value is |1 - 1| +
|2 - 2| + |3 - 3| = 0 , and for the permutation [3, 1, 2] , the Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

You are given integers n and k . Find a permutation p of length n such that
its Manhattan value is equal to k , or determine that no such permutation
exists.

^{\dagger} A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct
integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a
permutation, but [1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array),
and [1,3,4] is also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^{4} ) — the number of test cases. The description
of the test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \le n \le 2
\cdot 10^{5}, 0 \le k \le 10^{12} ) — the length of the permutation and the
required Manhattan value.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^{5} .

Output

For each test case, if there is no suitable permutation, output "No".
Otherwise, in the first line, output "Yes", and in the second line, output n
distinct integers p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n (1 \le p_i \le n ) — a suitable
permutation.

If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

You can output the answer in any case (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes",
"Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as a positive answer).

Example

Input

    8
    
    3 4
    
    4 5
    
    7 0
    
    1 1000000000000
    
    8 14
    
    112 777
    
    5 12
    
    5 2

Output

    Yes
    3 1 2
    No
    Yes
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7
    No
    Yes
    8 2 3 4 5 6 1 7
    No
    Yes
    5 4 3 1 2
    Yes
    2 1 3 4 5
    
Note

In the first test case, the permutation [3, 1, 2] is suitable, its Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

In the second test case, it can be proven that there is no permutation of
length 4 with a Manhattan value of 5 .

In the third test case, the permutation [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] is suitable, its
Manhattan value is |1-1|+|2-2|+|3-3|+|4-4|+|5-5|+|6-6|+|7-7|=0 .

# Annotated Program:
T = int(input())
for i in range(T):
    func_6()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer.
    k = k // 2
    l = list(range(1, n + 1))
    c = 0
    for i in range(n, -1, -2):
        c += 1
        
        if k == 0:
            return l
        
        if k < i - 1:
            return func_2(c, k, l)
        
        k = k - i + 1
        
        l = func_3(c, l)
        
    #State: `l` is a list of integers from 1 to `n`, where `n` is a positive integer.


#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c and k are non-negative integers, l is a list of integers, c and c+k are valid indices of the list l.
    x, y = l[-c], l[-c - k]
    l[-c], l[-c - k] = y, x
    return l
    #The program returns list l where the values at indices -c and -c - k have been swapped, c and c+k are valid indices of the list l.


#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c is a positive integer, l is a list of distinct integers from 1 to len(l) in arbitrary order, and c <= len(l).
    x, y = l[-c], l[c - 1]
    l[c - 1], l[-c] = x, y
    return l
    #The program returns a list of distinct integers from 1 to the length of the list, but with the elements at indices -c and c-1 swapped, where c is a positive integer.


#Function 4:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are integers such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5 and 0 <= k <= 10^12, and n and k are the length of the permutation and the required Manhattan value, respectively.
    n, k = map(int, input().split())
    if (k % 2) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: the first value is 0, which is an integer, and the second value is also 0, which is also an integer.
    #State: *n and k are integers such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5 and 0 <= k <= 10^12, and n and k are the length of the permutation and the required Manhattan value, respectively, and stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers. k is even.
    if (n % 2) :
        max_k = (n ** 2 - 1) // 2
    else :
        max_k = n ** 2 // 2
    #State: *n and k are integers such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5 and 0 <= k <= 10^12, and n and k are the length of the permutation and the required Manhattan value, respectively, and stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers. k is even. If n is odd, max_k is an integer equal to (n^2 - 1) // 2. If n is even, max_k is an integer equal to n^2 / 2.
    if (max_k < k) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: 0 and 0. Both values are integers and are returned as a result of the program execution.
    #State: *n and k are integers such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5 and 0 <= k <= 10^12, and n and k are the length of the permutation and the required Manhattan value, respectively, and stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers. k is even. If n is odd, max_k is an integer equal to (n^2 - 1) // 2. If n is even, max_k is an integer equal to n^2 / 2. max_k is larger than or equal to k.
    return n, k
    #The program returns two integers, n and k. n is the length of the permutation and is between 1 and 2 * 10^5 (inclusive), and k is the required Manhattan value and is between 0 and 10^12 (inclusive). Additionally, k is even, and the maximum possible Manhattan value (max_k) is larger than or equal to k. If n is odd, max_k is (n^2 - 1) // 2, and if n is even, max_k is n^2 / 2.


#Function 5:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: l is a list of integers
    print('YES')
    #This is printed: YES
    for i in l:
        print(i, end=' ')
        
    #State: 'YES' is being printed, and all the integers in the list `l` are being printed.
    print()
    #This is printed: YES, followed by all the integers in the list l
    return
    #The program returns nothing.


#Function 6:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are integers such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5 and 0 <= k <= 10^12, and they are the output of function func_4().
    n, k = func_4()
    if (n == 0) :
        print('NO')
        #This is printed: NO
        return
        #The program returns nothing, as there is no return statement with a value. The current state of the program remains unchanged, with 'n' being 0 and 'NO' being printed. The values of 'n' and 'k' are still within their defined ranges, but they are not being returned or used in any way.
    #State: *`n` is an integer such that 1 <= n <= 2 * 10^5, `k` is an integer such that 0 <= k <= 10^12, and they are the output of function func_4(). Additionally, `n` is not equal to 0.
    l = func_1(n, k)
    func_5(l)
    return
    #The program returns nothing, as there is no return statement with a value. The program simply ends without producing any output.




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

