
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Let's call the Manhattan value of a permutation^{\dagger} p the value of the
expression |p_1 - 1| + |p_2 - 2| + \ldots + |p_n - n| .

For example, for the permutation [1, 2, 3] , the Manhattan value is |1 - 1| +
|2 - 2| + |3 - 3| = 0 , and for the permutation [3, 1, 2] , the Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

You are given integers n and k . Find a permutation p of length n such that
its Manhattan value is equal to k , or determine that no such permutation
exists.

^{\dagger} A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct
integers from 1 to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a
permutation, but [1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array),
and [1,3,4] is also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^{4} ) — the number of test cases. The description
of the test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \le n \le 2
\cdot 10^{5}, 0 \le k \le 10^{12} ) — the length of the permutation and the
required Manhattan value.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^{5} .

Output

For each test case, if there is no suitable permutation, output "No".
Otherwise, in the first line, output "Yes", and in the second line, output n
distinct integers p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n (1 \le p_i \le n ) — a suitable
permutation.

If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

You can output the answer in any case (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes",
"Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as a positive answer).

Example

Input

    8
    
    3 4
    
    4 5
    
    7 0
    
    1 1000000000000
    
    8 14
    
    112 777
    
    5 12
    
    5 2

Output

    Yes
    3 1 2
    No
    Yes
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7
    No
    Yes
    8 2 3 4 5 6 1 7
    No
    Yes
    5 4 3 1 2
    Yes
    2 1 3 4 5
    
Note

In the first test case, the permutation [3, 1, 2] is suitable, its Manhattan
value is |3 - 1| + |1 - 2| + |2 - 3| = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4 .

In the second test case, it can be proven that there is no permutation of
length 4 with a Manhattan value of 5 .

In the third test case, the permutation [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] is suitable, its
Manhattan value is |1-1|+|2-2|+|3-3|+|4-4|+|5-5|+|6-6|+|7-7|=0 .

# Annotated Program:
T = int(input())
for i in range(T):
    func_6()

#Function 1:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer, k is a non-negative integer.
    k = k // 2
    l = list(range(1, n + 1))
    c = 0
    for i in range(n, -1, -2):
        c += 1
        
        if k == 0:
            return l
        
        if k < i - 1:
            return func_2(c, k, l)
        
        k = k - i + 1
        
        l = func_3(c, l)
        
    #State: n is a positive integer, k is 0, l is a list of integers from 1 to n, c is n/2 + 1.


#Function 2:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c and k are non-negative integers, l is a list of integers such that c + k < len(l).
    x, y = l[-c], l[-c - k]
    l[-c], l[-c - k] = y, x
    return l
    #The program returns list 'l' of integers where the value at index -c is swapped with the value at index -c - k, and c and k are non-negative integers such that c + k is less than the length of the list.


#Function 3:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: c is a positive integer and l is a list of length at least 2*c such that c <= len(l)/2.
    x, y = l[-c], l[c - 1]
    l[c - 1], l[-c] = x, y
    return l
    #The program returns list 'l' of length at least 2*c, where c is a positive integer, c <= len(l)/2, l[c - 1] is l[-c], and l[-c] is l[c - 1].


#Function 4:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is a positive integer and k is a non-negative integer
    n, k = map(int, input().split())
    if (k % 2) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two values: 0 and 0. Both values are integers and are equal to zero. The current value of k is odd, but this information is not relevant to the return statement as it only returns constant values. The values of n and the input from stdin are also not relevant to the return statement.
    #State: *`n` is a positive integer, `k` is a non-negative integer, stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers, and `k` is even
    if (n % 2) :
        max_k = (n ** 2 - 1) // 2
    else :
        max_k = n ** 2 // 2
    #State: *`n` is a positive integer, `k` is a non-negative integer, stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers, and `k` is even. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is an integer equal to `(n + k) / 2`. If `n` is even, `max_k` is `n` squared divided by 2.
    if (max_k < k) :
        return 0, 0
        #The program returns two zeros, both of which are integers.
    #State: *`n` is a positive integer, `k` is a non-negative integer, stdin contains a space-separated list of two integers, and `k` is even. If `n` is odd, `max_k` is an integer equal to `(n + k) / 2`. If `n` is even, `max_k` is `n` squared divided by 2. `max_k` is larger than or equal to `k`
    return n, k
    #The program returns two values: a positive integer `n` and a non-negative integer `k` that is even.


#Function 5:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: l is a list of integers
    print('YES')
    #This is printed: YES
    for i in l:
        print(i, end=' ')
        
    #State: l is an empty list, 'YES' is being printed, and all the integers in the list are printed followed by a space.
    print()
    #This is printed: YES followed by a space, and nothing else since the list is empty
    return
    #The program returns nothing because there is no return value specified in the code snippet.


#Function 6:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n and k are integers such that 1 <= n <= 2*10^5 and 0 <= k <= 10^12.
    n, k = func_4()
    if (n == 0) :
        print('NO')
        #This is printed: NO
        return
        #The program returns nothing, as the return statement is empty. The current value of 'n' remains 0, and 'NO' is still being printed.
    #State: `n` and `k` are returned from the function `func_4()`, and `n` is not equal to 0
    l = func_1(n, k)
    func_5(l)
    return
    #The program returns the return value of func_1(n, k), where n is not equal to 0 and is returned from func_4(), and k is also returned from func_4().




# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

